{"And on the day that the tabernacle was reared up the cloud covered the tabernacle, namely, the tent of the testimony: and at even there was upon the tabernacle as it were the appearance of fire, until the morning." 224, "And when Aaron and his sons have made an end of covering the sanctuary, and all the vessels of the sanctuary, as the camp is to set forward; after that, the sons of Kohath shall come to bear it: but they shall not touch any holy thing, lest they die. These things are the burden of the sons of Kohath in the tabernacle of the congregation." 2220, "The land also shall be left of them, and shall enjoy her sabbaths, while she lieth desolate without them: and they shall accept of the punishment of their iniquity: because, even because they despised my judgments, and because their soul abhorred my statutes." 217, "And the chief of the house of the father of the families of the Kohathites shall be Elizaphan the son of Uzziel." 1930, "So they went up, and searched the land from the wilderness of Zin unto Rehob, as men come to Hamath." 2350, "This was the dedication of the altar, in the day when it was anointed, by the princes of Israel: twelve chargers of silver, twelve silver bowls, twelve spoons of gold:" 1890, "And these were the sons of Levi by their names; Gershon, and Kohath, and Merari." 2000, "This is the service of the families of the sons of Gershon in the tabernacle of the congregation: and their charge shall be under the hand of Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest." 215, "And they shall keep all the instruments of the tabernacle of the congregation, and the charge of the children of Israel, to do the service of the tabernacle." 3500, "And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Pagiel the son of Ocran." 250, "These were the renowned of the congregation, princes of the tribes of their fathers, heads of thousands in Israel." 2520, "And when the people complained, it displeased the LORD: and the LORD heard it; and his anger was kindled; and the fire of the LORD burnt among them, and consumed them that were in the uttermost parts of the camp." 226, "That the princes of Israel, heads of the house of their fathers, who were the princes of the tribes, and were over them that were numbered, offered:" 2900, "Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Benjamin, were thirty and five thousand and four hundred." 2280, "And when a man shall sanctify his house to be holy unto the LORD, then the priest shall estimate it, whether it be good or bad: as the priest shall estimate it, so shall it stand." 195, "And I will come down and talk with thee there: and I will take of the spirit which is upon thee, and will put it upon them; and they shall bear the burden of the people with thee, that thou bear it not thyself alone." 239, "And to the office of Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest pertaineth the oil for the light, and the sweet incense, and the daily meat offering, and the anointing oil, and the oversight of all the tabernacle, and of all that therein is, in the sanctuary, and in the vessels thereof." 170, "Each charger of silver weighing an hundred and thirty shekels, each bowl seventy: all the silver vessels weighed two thousand and four hundred shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary:" 240, "And the people cried unto Moses; and when Moses prayed unto the LORD, the fire was quenched." 3240, "But if he be poorer than thy estimation, then he shall present himself before the priest, and the priest shall value him; according to his ability that vowed shall the priest value him." 166, "Then the tribe of Naphtali: and the captain of the children of Naphtali shall be Ahira the son of Enan." 2090, "As long as it lieth desolate it shall rest; because it did not rest in your sabbaths, when ye dwelt upon it." 2840, "But unto the sons of Kohath he gave none: because the service of the sanctuary belonging unto them was that they should bear upon their shoulders." 2120, "From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old, every one that entereth into the service, for the work in the tabernacle of the congregation," 2870, "And those that encamp by him shall be the tribe of Asher: and the captain of the children of Asher shall be Pagiel the son of Ocran." 1770, "And he called the name of that place Kibrothhattaavah: because there they buried the people that lusted." 1810, "And Moses, and Aaron, and all the congregation of the children of Israel, did to the Levites according unto all that the LORD commanded Moses concerning the Levites, so did the children of Israel unto them." 250, "And the children of Reuben, Israel's eldest son, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, by their polls, every male from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;" 175, "Then the tribe of Benjamin: and the captain of the sons of Benjamin shall be Abidan the son of Gideoni." 2040, "And all thy estimations shall be according to the shekel of the sanctuary: twenty gerahs shall be the shekel." 2210, "Of Dan; Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai." 234, "And if ye will not for all this hearken unto me, but walk contrary unto me;" 4330, "On the third day Eliab the son of Helon, prince of the children of Zebulun, did offer:" 2440, "And I will bring a sword upon you, that shall avenge the quarrel of my covenant: and when ye are gathered together within your cities, I will send the pestilence among you; and ye shall be delivered into the hand of the enemy." 235, "And when he hath made her to drink the water, then it shall come to pass, that, if she be defiled, and have done trespass against her husband, that the water that causeth the curse shall enter into her, and become bitter, and her belly shall swell, and her thigh shall rot: and the woman shall be a curse among her people." 192, "And when the tabernacle setteth forward, the Levites shall take it down: and when the tabernacle is to be pitched, the Levites shall set it up: and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to death." 2290, "Take the Levites instead of all the firstborn among the children of Israel, and the cattle of the Levites instead of their cattle; and the Levites shall be mine: I am the LORD." 2160, "And Aaron shall offer the Levites before the LORD for an offering of the children of Israel, that they may execute the service of the LORD." 1980, "Make thee two trumpets of silver; of a whole piece shalt thou make them: that thou mayest use them for the calling of the assembly, and for the journeying of the camps." 2800, "And thy estimation shall be of the male from twenty years old even unto sixty years old, even thy estimation shall be fifty shekels of silver, after the shekel of the sanctuary." 3590, "And they shall bear the curtains of the tabernacle, and the tabernacle of the congregation, his covering, and the covering of the badgers' skins that is above upon it, and the hanging for the door of the tabernacle of the congregation," 166, "On the eighth day offered Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur, prince of the children of Manasseh:" 2060, "Speak unto the children of Israel, When a man or woman shall commit any sin that men commit, to do a trespass against the LORD, and that person be guilty;" 2310, "Of the tribe of Naphtali, Nahbi the son of Vophsi." 3430, "And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were thirty and two thousand and two hundred." 2400, "Of the children of Gad, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;" 174, "This is the law of the Nazarite who hath vowed, and of his offering unto the LORD for his separation, beside that that his hand shall get: according to the vow which he vowed, so he must do after the law of his separation." 180, "Of the children of Issachar, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;" 179, "One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:" 2960, "These are the names of the sons of Aaron, the priests which were anointed, whom he consecrated to minister in the priest's office." 3020, "And the children of Israel did according to all that the LORD commanded Moses, so did they." 5330, "But now our soul is dried away: there is nothing at all, beside this manna, before our eyes." 2940, "And if a man will at all redeem ought of his tithes, he shall add thereto the fifth part thereof." 3300, "Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Simeon, were fifty and nine thousand and three hundred." 2650, "And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were forty and one thousand and five hundred." 2710, "And I will destroy your high places, and cut down your images, and cast your carcases upon the carcases of your idols, and my soul shall abhor you." 3000, "Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Zebulun, were fifty and seven thousand and four hundred." 3020, "The standard of the camp of Dan shall be on the north side by their armies: and the captain of the children of Dan shall be Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai." 2430, "And Moses said unto the LORD, Wherefore hast thou afflicted thy servant? and wherefore have I not found favour in thy sight, that thou layest the burden of all this people upon me?" 258, "And when the camp setteth forward, Aaron shall come, and his sons, and they shall take down the covering vail, and cover the ark of testimony with it:" 2390, "And Moses took the redemption money of them that were over and above them that were redeemed by the Levites:" 2230, "All they that were numbered in the camp of Dan were an hundred thousand and fifty and seven thousand and six hundred. They shall go hindmost with their standards." 2730, "And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were forty and five thousand and six hundred and fifty." 2650, "And they came unto the brook of Eshcol, and cut down from thence a branch with one cluster of grapes, and they bare it between two upon a staff; and they brought of the pomegranates, and of the figs." 253, "And Moses said unto Hobab, the son of Raguel the Midianite, Moses' father in law, We are journeying unto the place of which the LORD said, I will give it you: come thou with us, and we will do thee good: for the LORD hath spoken good concerning Israel." 208, "And his host, and those that were numbered thereof, were forty and six thousand and five hundred." 2360, "All the oxen for the burnt offering were twelve bullocks, the rams twelve, the lambs of the first year twelve, with their meat offering: and the kids of the goats for sin offering twelve." 160, "Of the children of Joseph: of Ephraim; Elishama the son of Ammihud: of Manasseh; Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur." 3190, "And the LORD said unto Moses, Is the LORD'S hand waxed short? thou shalt see now whether my word shall come to pass unto thee or not." 3510, "And a man lie with her carnally, and it be hid from the eyes of her husband, and be kept close, and she be defiled, and there be no witness against her, neither she be taken with the manner;" 224, "And Aaron said unto Moses, Alas, my lord, I beseech thee, lay not the sin upon us, wherein we have done foolishly, and wherein we have sinned." 2770, "The LORD bless thee, and keep thee:" 44200, "Of the tribe of Dan, Ammiel the son of Gemalli." 3290, "And Moses took the wagons and the oxen, and gave them unto the Levites." 2390, "If they shall confess their iniquity, and the iniquity of their fathers, with their trespass which they trespassed against me, and that also they have walked contrary unto me;" 2810, "But I will for their sakes remember the covenant of their ancestors, whom I brought forth out of the land of Egypt in the sight of the heathen, that I might be their God: I am the LORD." 2410, "And the priest shall take an handful of the offering, even the memorial thereof, and burn it upon the altar, and afterward shall cause the woman to drink the water." 2030, "And Miriam and Aaron spake against Moses because of the Ethiopian woman whom he had married: for he had married an Ethiopian woman." 4440, "He shall not make himself unclean for his father, or for his mother, for his brother, or for his sister, when they die: because the consecration of his God is upon his head." 2870, "And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Elishama the son of Ammihud." 2240, "Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, If any man of you or of your posterity shall be unclean by reason of a dead body, or be in a journey afar off, yet he shall keep the passover unto the LORD." 238, "And Moses and Aaron and the chief of the congregation numbered the sons of the Kohathites after their families, and after the house of their fathers," 243, "And the children of Israel did so, and put them out without the camp: as the LORD spake unto Moses, so did the children of Israel." 2170, "And when the cloud tarried long upon the tabernacle many days, then the children of Israel kept the charge of the LORD, and journeyed not." 2120, "All that were numbered of the Levites, which Moses and Aaron numbered at the commandment of the LORD, throughout their families, all the males from a month old and upward, were twenty and two thousand." 200, "I will also send wild beasts among you, which shall rob you of your children, and destroy your cattle, and make you few in number; and your high ways shall be desolate." 3120, "And his offering was one silver charger, the weight thereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them were full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:" 156, "And the priest shall take the sodden shoulder of the ram, and one unleavened cake out of the basket, and one unleavened wafer, and shall put them upon the hands of the Nazarite, after the hair of his separation is shaven:" 183, "And there ran a young man, and told Moses, and said, Eldad and Medad do prophesy in the camp." 2270, "This is the law of jealousies, when a wife goeth aside to another instead of her husband, and is defiled;" 2310, "Also in the day of your gladness, and in your solemn days, and in the beginnings of your months, ye shall blow with the trumpets over your burnt offerings, and over the sacrifices of your peace offerings; that they may be to you for a memorial before your God: I am the LORD your God." 243, "Shall the flocks and the herds be slain for them, to suffice them? or shall all the fish of the sea be gathered together for them, to suffice them?" 2110, "And over the host of the tribe of the children of Zebulun was Eliab the son of Helon." 1900, "On the fifth day Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai, prince of the children of Simeon, did offer:" 2210, "Of Benjamin; Abidan the son of Gideoni." 232, "And Moses cried unto the LORD, saying, Heal her now, O God, I beseech thee." 2690, "And the Levites were purified, and they washed their clothes; and Aaron offered them as an offering before the LORD; and Aaron made an atonement for them to cleanse them." 2680, "Both male and female shall ye put out, without the camp shall ye put them; that they defile not their camps, in the midst whereof I dwell." 2640, "And on the east side toward the rising of the sun shall they of the standard of the camp of Judah pitch throughout their armies: and Nahshon the son of Amminadab shall be captain of the children of Judah." 193, "Then the priest shall take the jealousy offering out of the woman's hand, and shall wave the offering before the LORD, and offer it upon the altar:" 2460, "And on the eighth day he shall bring two turtles, or two young pigeons, to the priest, to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation:" 2270, "At the commandment of the LORD they rested in the tents, and at the commandment of the LORD they journeyed: they kept the charge of the LORD, at the commandment of the LORD by the hand of Moses." 1710, "For the LORD had spoken unto Moses, saying," 6480, "Of Merari was the family of the Mahlites, and the family of the Mushites: these are the families of Merari." 3160, "All the days of the vow of his separation there shall no razor come upon his head: until the days be fulfilled, in the which he separateth himself unto the LORD, he shall be holy, and shall let the locks of the hair of his head grow." 251, "With him will I speak mouth to mouth, even apparently, and not in dark speeches; and the similitude of the LORD shall he behold: wherefore then were ye not afraid to speak against my servant Moses?" 315, "Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Ephraim, were forty thousand and five hundred." 2650, "And thou shalt take the Levites for me (I am the LORD) instead of all the firstborn among the children of Israel; and the cattle of the Levites instead of all the firstlings among the cattle of the children of Israel." 2260, "And these are the names of the sons of Aaron; Nadab the firstborn, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar." 2430, "And when it rested, he said, Return, O LORD, unto the many thousands of Israel." 2290, "Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Manasseh, were thirty and two thousand and two hundred." 2190, "All that were numbered in the camp of Judah were an hundred thousand and fourscore thousand and six thousand and four hundred, throughout their armies. These shall first set forth." 2480, "All the days that he separateth himself unto the LORD he shall come at no dead body." 2890, "But if thou hast gone aside to another instead of thy husband, and if thou be defiled, and some man have lain with thee beside thine husband:" 2130, "And all the firstborn males by the number of names, from a month old and upward, of those that were numbered of them, were twenty and two thousand two hundred and threescore and thirteen." 1820, "And all the oxen for the sacrifice of the peace offerings were twenty and four bullocks, the rams sixty, the he goats sixty, the lambs of the first year sixty. This was the dedication of the altar, after that it was anointed." 171, "And those that were numbered of them by their families were two thousand seven hundred and fifty." 2340, "Of Judah; Nahshon the son of Amminadab." 121, "Even all they that were numbered were six hundred thousand and three thousand and five hundred and fifty." 3080, "And the LORD spake unto Moses in the wilderness of Sinai, saying," 1960, "And there were certain men, who were defiled by the dead body of a man, that they could not keep the passover on that day: and they came before Moses and before Aaron on that day:" 1820, "Then they shall confess their sin which they have done: and he shall recompense his trespass with the principal thereof, and add unto it the fifth part thereof, and give it unto him against whom he hath trespassed." 205, "And when I have broken the staff of your bread, ten women shall bake your bread in one oven, and they shall deliver you your bread again by weight: and ye shall eat, and not be satisfied." 2370, "And what the land is that they dwell in, whether it be good or bad; and what cities they be that they dwell in, whether in tents, or in strong holds;" 2890, "And if any man die very suddenly by him, and he hath defiled the head of his consecration; then he shall shave his head in the day of his cleansing, on the seventh day shall he shave it." 202, "Let her not be as one dead, of whom the flesh is half consumed when he cometh out of his mother's womb." 3150, "And Moses numbered, as the LORD commanded him, all the firstborn among the children of Israel." 1840, "And with you there shall be a man of every tribe; every one head of the house of his fathers." 2410, "But even a whole month, until it come out at your nostrils, and it be loathsome unto you: because that ye have despised the LORD which is among you, and have wept before him, saying, Why came we forth out of Egypt?" 185, "In the first place went the standard of the camp of the children of Judah according to their armies: and over his host was Nahshon the son of Amminadab." 2300, "And the sons of Merari by their families; Mahli, and Mushi. These are the families of the Levites according to the house of their fathers." 1860, "And when Moses was gone into the tabernacle of the congregation to speak with him, then he heard the voice of one speaking unto him from off the mercy seat that was upon the ark of testimony, from between the two cherubims: and he spake unto him." 211, "And over the host of the tribe of the children of Benjamin was Abidan the son of Gideoni." 1950, "And Moses sent them to spy out the land of Canaan, and said unto them, Get you up this way southward, and go up into the mountain:" 2450, "Then shall the man bring his wife unto the priest, and he shall bring her offering for her, the tenth part of an ephah of barley meal; he shall pour no oil upon it, nor put frankincense thereon; for it is an offering of jealousy, an offering of memorial, bringing iniquity to remembrance." 214, "And I will bring the land into desolation: and your enemies which dwell therein shall be astonished at it." 2980, "And the people went about, and gathered it, and ground it in mills, or beat it in a mortar, and baked it in pans, and made cakes of it: and the taste of it was as the taste of fresh oil." 235, "Only thou shalt not number the tribe of Levi, neither take the sum of them among the children of Israel:" 2910, "These be those that were numbered of the families of the sons of Merari, whom Moses and Aaron numbered according to the word of the LORD by the hand of Moses." 240, "And if he will not redeem the field, or if he have sold the field to another man, it shall not be redeemed any more." 2110, "Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Naphtali, were fifty and three thousand and four hundred." 2150, "And they shall take a cloth of blue, and cover the candlestick of the light, and his lamps, and his tongs, and his snuffdishes, and all the oil vessels thereof, wherewith they minister unto it:" 220, "And when the dew fell upon the camp in the night, the manna fell upon it." 2920, "Of the children of Zebulun, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;" 186, "These are the commandments, which the LORD commanded Moses for the children of Israel in mount Sinai." 3220, "Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, If any man's wife go aside, and commit a trespass against him," 2300, "The fourteenth day of the second month at even they shall keep it, and eat it with unleavened bread and bitter herbs." 2520, "Of Naphtali; Ahira the son of Enan." 234, "And concerning the tithe of the herd, or of the flock, even of whatsoever passeth under the rod, the tenth shall be holy unto the LORD." 3840, "And the Levites shall lay their hands upon the heads of the bullocks: and thou shalt offer the one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering, unto the LORD, to make an atonement for the Levites." 246, "But shall minister with their brethren in the tabernacle of the congregation, to keep the charge, and shall do no service. Thus shalt thou do unto the Levites touching their charge." 1520, "When ye blow an alarm the second time, then the camps that lie on the south side shall take their journey: they shall blow an alarm for their journeys." 2440, "As for the sons of Merari, thou shalt number them after their families, by the house of their fathers;" 1990, "In the year of the jubile the field shall return unto him of whom it was bought, even to him to whom the possession of the land did belong." 227, "Of the tribe of Asher, Sethur the son of Michael." 3860, "And their charge shall be the ark, and the table, and the candlestick, and the altars, and the vessels of the sanctuary wherewith they minister, and the hanging, and all the service thereof." 1760, "Let the children of Israel also keep the passover at his appointed season." 2450, "Bring the tribe of Levi near, and present them before Aaron the priest, that they may minister unto him." 2220, "But they shall not go in to see when the holy things are covered, lest they die." 2800, "And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai." 244, "According to the commandment of the LORD they were numbered by the hand of Moses, every one according to his service, and according to his burden: thus were they numbered of him, as the LORD commanded Moses." 147, "And if it be from sixty years old and above; if it be a male, then thy estimation shall be fifteen shekels, and for the female ten shekels." 2850, "And the princes offered for dedicating of the altar in the day that it was anointed, even the princes offered their offering before the altar." 2130, "And the chief of the house of the father of the families of Merari was Zuriel the son of Abihail: these shall pitch on the side of the tabernacle northward." 1770, "And the LORD came down in the pillar of the cloud, and stood in the door of the tabernacle, and called Aaron and Miriam: and they both came forth." 3400, "None devoted, which shall be devoted of men, shall be redeemed; but shall surely be put to death." 2790, "And thus shalt thou do unto them, to cleanse them: Sprinkle water of purifying upon them, and let them shave all their flesh, and let them wash their clothes, and so make themselves clean." 228, "One spoon of gold of ten shekels, full of incense:" 2490, "At the appointment of Aaron and his sons shall be all the service of the sons of the Gershonites, in all their burdens, and in all their service: and ye shall appoint unto them in charge all their burdens." 147, "And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Nethaneel the son of Zuar." 2640, "And over the host of the tribe of the children of Gad was Eliasaph the son of Deuel." 1890, "Of the children of Manasseh, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;" 174, "Then shall the man be guiltless from iniquity, and this woman shall bear her iniquity." 2720, "Of the children of Simeon, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, those that were numbered of them, according to the number of the names, by their polls, every male from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;" 164, "And see the land, what it is; and the people that dwelleth therein, whether they be strong or weak, few or many;" 2620, "And the manna was as coriander seed, and the colour thereof as the colour of bdellium." 2280, "So it was alway: the cloud covered it by day, and the appearance of fire by night." 2320, "And if a stranger shall sojourn among you, and will keep the passover unto the LORD; according to the ordinance of the passover, and according to the manner thereof, so shall he do: ye shall have one ordinance, both for the stranger, and for him that was born in the land." 220, "And the anger of the LORD was kindled against them; and he departed." 8840, "And they first took their journey according to the commandment of the LORD by the hand of Moses." 2390, "On the west side shall be the standard of the camp of Ephraim according to their armies: and the captain of the sons of Ephraim shall be Elishama the son of Ammihud." 2210, "And the tabernacle was taken down; and the sons of Gershon and the sons of Merari set forward, bearing the tabernacle." 2290, "So were all those that were numbered of the children of Israel, by the house of their fathers, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war in Israel;" 3050, "And the sons of Kohath by their families; Amram, and Izehar, Hebron, and Uzziel." 2370, "Of the tribe of Simeon, Shaphat the son of Hori." 3240, "And the people stood up all that day, and all that night, and all the next day, and they gathered the quails: he that gathered least gathered ten homers: and they spread them all abroad for themselves round about the camp." 235, "Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When either man or woman shall separate themselves to vow a vow of a Nazarite, to separate themselves unto the LORD:" 3060, "And while the flesh was yet between their teeth, ere it was chewed, the wrath of the LORD was kindled against the people, and the LORD smote the people with a very great plague." 2480, "Of Issachar; Nethaneel the son of Zuar." 232, "And every offering of all the holy things of the children of Israel, which they bring unto the priest, shall be his." 2990, "And they departed from the mount of the LORD three days' journey: and the ark of the covenant of the LORD went before them in the three days' journey, to search out a resting place for them." 2100, "And so it was, when the cloud abode from even unto the morning, and that the cloud was taken up in the morning, then they journeyed: whether it was by day or by night that the cloud was taken up, they journeyed." 232, "And Moses gat him into the camp, he and the elders of Israel." 2150, "And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Eliasaph the son of Deuel." 240, "And the priest shall value it, whether it be good or bad: as thou valuest it, who art the priest, so shall it be." 2910, "And thou shalt bring the Levites before the LORD: and the children of Israel shall put their hands upon the Levites:" 4610, "Then will I also walk contrary unto you, and will punish you yet seven times for your sins." 3040, "And the priest shall set the woman before the LORD, and uncover the woman's head, and put the offering of memorial in her hands, which is the jealousy offering: and the priest shall have in his hand the bitter water that causeth the curse:" 195, "And Moses gave the money of them that were redeemed unto Aaron and to his sons, according to the word of the LORD, as the LORD commanded Moses." 1860, "This is the service of the families of the Gershonites, to serve, and for burdens:" 1870, "And if it be from five years old even unto twenty years old, then thy estimation shall be of the male twenty shekels, and for the female ten shekels." 2280, "And the cloud departed from off the tabernacle; and, behold, Miriam became leprous, white as snow: and Aaron looked upon Miriam, and, behold, she was leprous." 4200, "And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Elizur the son of Shedeur." 250, "And the spirit of jealousy come upon him, and he be jealous of his wife, and she be defiled: or if the spirit of jealousy come upon him, and he be jealous of his wife, and she be not defiled:" 254, "And if he that sanctified the field will in any wise redeem it, then he shall add the fifth part of the money of thy estimation unto it, and it shall be assured to him." 148, "And they said, Hath the LORD indeed spoken only by Moses? hath he not spoken also by us? And the LORD heard it." 2850, "Then the tabernacle of the congregation shall set forward with the camp of the Levites in the midst of the camp: as they encamp, so shall they set forward, every man in his place by their standards." 236, "And if it be a beast, whereof men bring an offering unto the LORD, all that any man giveth of such unto the LORD shall be holy." 2290, "But the man that is clean, and is not in a journey, and forbeareth to keep the passover, even the same soul shall be cut off from among his people: because he brought not the offering of the LORD in his appointed season, that man shall bear his sin." 203, "And the pillars of the court round about, and their sockets, and their pins, and their cords." 2490, "This shall be the service of the sons of Kohath in the tabernacle of the congregation, about the most holy things:" 2430, "Speak unto Aaron, and say unto him, When thou lightest the lamps, the seven lamps shall give light over against the candlestick." 2140, "And ye shall perish among the heathen, and the land of your enemies shall eat you up." 2580, "Of the firstborn of the children of Israel took he the money; a thousand three hundred and threescore and five shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary:" 1940, "And the priest shall offer the one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering, and make an atonement for him, for that he sinned by the dead, and shall hallow his head that same day." 278, "And they ascended by the south, and came unto Hebron; where Ahiman, Sheshai, and Talmai, the children of Anak, were. (Now Hebron was built seven years before Zoan in Egypt.)" 2090, "And the LORD spake unto Moses in the wilderness of Sinai, in the tabernacle of the congregation, on the first day of the second month, in the second year after they were come out of the land of Egypt, saying," 182, "And they brought their offering before the LORD, six covered wagons, and twelve oxen; a wagon for two of the princes, and for each one an ox: and they brought them before the tabernacle." 1770, "And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were forty thousand and five hundred." 2750, "And the LORD said unto Moses, Number all the firstborn of the males of the children of Israel from a month old and upward, and take the number of their names." 2080, "And if ye go to war in your land against the enemy that oppresseth you, then ye shall blow an alarm with the trumpets; and ye shall be remembered before the LORD your God, and ye shall be saved from your enemies." 257, "And this is the charge of their burden, according to all their service in the tabernacle of the congregation; the boards of the tabernacle, and the bars thereof, and the pillars thereof, and sockets thereof," 151, "And by him shall be the tribe of Manasseh: and the captain of the children of Manasseh shall be Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur." 2110, "And thou shalt give the Levites unto Aaron and to his sons: they are wholly given unto him out of the children of Israel." 3070, "Then I will walk contrary unto you also in fury; and I, even I, will chastise you seven times for your sins." 3820, "And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were threescore and two thousand and seven hundred." 2490, "Or whether it were two days, or a month, or a year, that the cloud tarried upon the tabernacle, remaining thereon, the children of Israel abode in their tents, and journeyed not: but when it was taken up, they journeyed." 228, "He shall not search whether it be good or bad, neither shall he change it: and if he change it at all, then both it and the change thereof shall be holy; it shall not be redeemed." 3560, "He shall separate himself from wine and strong drink, and shall drink no vinegar of wine, or vinegar of strong drink, neither shall he drink any liquor of grapes, nor eat moist grapes, or dried." 251, "And if it be any unclean beast, of which they do not offer a sacrifice unto the LORD, then he shall present the beast before the priest:" 1990, "And over the host of the tribe of the children of Asher was Pagiel the son of Ocran." 1790, "And the LORD said unto Moses, They shall offer their offering, each prince on his day, for the dedicating of the altar." 1940, "And he said, Hear now my words: If there be a prophet among you, I the LORD will make myself known unto him in a vision, and will speak unto him in a dream." 3200, "Every man of the children of Israel shall pitch by his own standard, with the ensign of their father's house: far off about the tabernacle of the congregation shall they pitch." 223, "And the charge of the sons of Gershon in the tabernacle of the congregation shall be the tabernacle, and the tent, the covering thereof, and the hanging for the door of the tabernacle of the congregation," 1620, "And Moses went out, and told the people the words of the LORD, and gathered the seventy men of the elders of the people, and set them round about the tabernacle." 2700, "And if ye will not be reformed by me by these things, but will walk contrary unto me;" 3460, "Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Asher, were forty and one thousand and five hundred." 2310, "And when they shall blow with them, all the assembly shall assemble themselves to thee at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation." 2480, "And this water that causeth the curse shall go into thy bowels, to make thy belly to swell, and thy thigh to rot: And the woman shall say, Amen, amen." 2740, "His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:" 134, "But there remained two of the men in the camp, the name of the one was Eldad, and the name of the other Medad: and the spirit rested upon them; and they were of them that were written, but went not out unto the tabernacle: and they prophesied in the camp." 242, "Of the children of Judah, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;" 176, "And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Ahira the son of Enan." 230, "Send thou men, that they may search the land of Canaan, which I give unto the children of Israel: of every tribe of their fathers shall ye send a man, every one a ruler among them." 2770, "And they shall put it and all the vessels thereof within a covering of badgers' skins, and shall put it upon a bar." 1880, "Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Issachar, were fifty and four thousand and four hundred." 2520, "And the chief of the house of the father of the Gershonites shall be Eliasaph the son of Lael." 1850, "Of the children of Dan, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;" 174, "And the priest shall bring her near, and set her before the LORD:" 2850, "The place was called the brook Eshcol, because of the cluster of grapes which the children of Israel cut down from thence." 2110, "On the ninth day Abidan the son of Gideoni, prince of the children of Benjamin, offered:" 1880, "And they shall put my name upon the children of Israel; and I will bless them." 14100, "And for those that are to be redeemed of the two hundred and threescore and thirteen of the firstborn of the children of Israel, which are more than the Levites;" 1960, "And the sons of Aaron, the priests, shall blow with the trumpets; and they shall be to you for an ordinance for ever throughout your generations." 2580, "We remember the fish, which we did eat in Egypt freely; the cucumbers, and the melons, and the leeks, and the onions, and the garlick:" 3510, "But the Levites were not numbered among the children of Israel; as the LORD commanded Moses." 2080, "And I will make your cities waste, and bring your sanctuaries unto desolation, and I will not smell the savour of your sweet odours." 2950, "And he shall consecrate unto the LORD the days of his separation, and shall bring a lamb of the first year for a trespass offering: but the days that were before shall be lost, because his separation was defiled." 188, "And upon the table of shewbread they shall spread a cloth of blue, and put thereon the dishes, and the spoons, and the bowls, and covers to cover withal: and the continual bread shall be thereon:" 159, "And shall put thereon the covering of badgers' skins, and shall spread over it a cloth wholly of blue, and shall put in the staves thereof." 2260, "For all the firstborn of the children of Israel are mine, both man and beast: on the day that I smote every firstborn in the land of Egypt I sanctified them for myself." 2010, "Command the children of Israel, that they put out of the camp every leper, and every one that hath an issue, and whosoever is defiled by the dead:" 2090, "And if they blow but with one trumpet, then the princes, which are heads of the thousands of Israel, shall gather themselves unto thee." 2820, "And under the custody and charge of the sons of Merari shall be the boards of the tabernacle, and the bars thereof, and the pillars thereof, and the sockets thereof, and all the vessels thereof, and all that serveth thereto," 193, "And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were thirty and five thousand and four hundred." 2480, "From thirty years old and upward until fifty years old shalt thou number them; all that enter in to perform the service, to do the work in the tabernacle of the congregation." 2360, "The families of the Gershonites shall pitch behind the tabernacle westward." 1730, "All the days of his separation he is holy unto the LORD." 2920, "And upon the golden altar they shall spread a cloth of blue, and cover it with a covering of badgers' skins, and shall put to the staves thereof:" 2370, "And what the land is, whether it be fat or lean, whether there be wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the fruit of the land. Now the time was the time of the firstripe grapes." 297, "These are those which were numbered of the children of Israel by the house of their fathers: all those that were numbered of the camps throughout their hosts were six hundred thousand and three thousand and five hundred and fifty." 190, "Or when the spirit of jealousy cometh upon him, and he be jealous over his wife, and shall set the woman before the LORD, and the priest shall execute upon her all this law." 3060, "Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Gad, were forty and five thousand six hundred and fifty." 2510, "And Moses and Aaron took these men which are expressed by their names:" 3320, "Those that were numbered of them, according to the number of all the males, from a month old and upward, even those that were numbered of them were seven thousand and five hundred." 1880, "But thou shalt appoint the Levites over the tabernacle of testimony, and over all the vessels thereof, and over all things that belong to it: they shall bear the tabernacle, and all the vessels thereof; and they shall minister unto it, and shall encamp round about the tabernacle." 216, "These are the names of the men which Moses sent to spy out the land. And Moses called Oshea the son of Nun Jehoshua." 2860, "His offering was one silver charger of the weight of an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:" 148, "And thou shalt appoint Aaron and his sons, and they shall wait on their priest's office: and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to death." 1930, "Two wagons and four oxen he gave unto the sons of Gershon, according to their service:" 2400, "And this work of the candlestick was of beaten gold, unto the shaft thereof, unto the flowers thereof, was beaten work: according unto the pattern which the LORD had shewed Moses, so he made the candlestick." 178, "And the LORD spake unto Moses in the wilderness of Sinai, in the first month of the second year after they were come out of the land of Egypt, saying," 3580, "And thou shalt set the Levites before Aaron, and before his sons, and offer them for an offering unto the LORD." 1890, "And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai." 241, "All that were numbered of the camp of Ephraim were an hundred thousand and eight thousand and an hundred, throughout their armies. And they shall go forward in the third rank." 1850, "And the hangings of the court, and the curtain for the door of the court, which is by the tabernacle, and by the altar round about, and the cords of it for all the service thereof." 1630, "In the fourteenth day of this month, at even, ye shall keep it in his appointed season: according to all the rites of it, and according to all the ceremonies thereof, shall ye keep it." 243, "Of the children of Asher, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;" 173, "And so it was, when the cloud was a few days upon the tabernacle; according to the commandment of the LORD they abode in their tents, and according to the commandment of the LORD they journeyed." 235, "And he said unto him, I will not go; but I will depart to mine own land, and to my kindred." 2360, "And they shall take away the ashes from the altar, and spread a purple cloth thereon:" 2260, "And Nadab and Abihu died before the LORD, when they offered strange fire before the LORD, in the wilderness of Sinai, and they had no children: and Eleazar and Ithamar ministered in the priest's office in the sight of Aaron their father." 186, "For they are wholly given unto me from among the children of Israel; instead of such as open every womb, even instead of the firstborn of all the children of Israel, have I taken them unto me." 217, "Take the Levites from among the children of Israel, and cleanse them." 3670, "And afterward the people removed from Hazeroth, and pitched in the wilderness of Paran." 2710, "And your strength shall be spent in vain: for your land shall not yield her increase, neither shall the trees of the land yield their fruits." 2910, "And the mixt multitude that was among them fell a lusting: and the children of Israel also wept again, and said, Who shall give us flesh to eat?" 2340, "And those that do pitch next unto him shall be the tribe of Issachar: and Nethaneel the son of Zuar shall be captain of the children of Issachar." 2300, "And he shall offer his offering unto the LORD, one he lamb of the first year without blemish for a burnt offering, and one ewe lamb of the first year without blemish for a sin offering, and one ram without blemish for peace offerings," 166, "In the number of all the males, from a month old and upward, were eight thousand and six hundred, keeping the charge of the sanctuary." 1880, "These also are the generations of Aaron and Moses in the day that the LORD spake with Moses in mount Sinai." 2850, "And say thou unto the people, Sanctify yourselves against to morrow, and ye shall eat flesh: for ye have wept in the ears of the LORD, saying, Who shall give us flesh to eat? for it was well with us in Egypt: therefore the LORD will give you flesh, and ye shall eat." 188, "And if it be of an unclean beast, then he shall redeem it according to thine estimation, and shall add a fifth part of it thereto: or if it be not redeemed, then it shall be sold according to thy estimation." 168, "One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:" 3140, "And he shall offer the ram for a sacrifice of peace offerings unto the LORD, with the basket of unleavened bread: the priest shall offer also his meat offering, and his drink offering." 201, "And the priest shall wave them for a wave offering before the LORD: this is holy for the priest, with the wave breast and heave shoulder: and after that the Nazarite may drink wine." 2120, "Notwithstanding no devoted thing, that a man shall devote unto the LORD of all that he hath, both of man and beast, and of the field of his possession, shall be sold or redeemed: every devoted thing is most holy unto the LORD." 184, "These were they that were numbered of the families of the Kohathites, all that might do service in the tabernacle of the congregation, which Moses and Aaron did number according to the commandment of the LORD by the hand of Moses." 134, "On the second day Nethaneel the son of Zuar, prince of Issachar, did offer:" 2260, "And the LORD said unto Moses, If her father had but spit in her face, should she not be ashamed seven days? let her be shut out from the camp seven days, and after that let her be received in again." 237, "Cut ye not off the tribe of the families of the Kohathites from among the Levites:" 1850, "And I have given the Levites as a gift to Aaron and to his sons from among the children of Israel, to do the service of the children of Israel in the tabernacle of the congregation, and to make an atonement for the children of Israel: that there be no plague among the children of Israel, when the children of Israel come nigh unto the sanctuary." 1930, "Only the firstling of the beasts, which should be the LORD'S firstling, no man shall sanctify it; whether it be ox, or sheep: it is the LORD'S." 2870, "And these are the names of the sons of Gershon by their families; Libni, and Shimei." 2340, "Then Moses heard the people weep throughout their families, every man in the door of his tent: and the anger of the LORD was kindled greatly; Moses also was displeased." 2960, "And Aaron did so; he lighted the lamps thereof over against the candlestick, as the LORD commanded Moses." 2150, "But the Levites shall pitch round about the tabernacle of testimony, that there be no wrath upon the congregation of the children of Israel: and the Levites shall keep the charge of the tabernacle of testimony." 2840, "And over the host of the tribe of the children of Simeon was Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai." 3830, "Speak unto Aaron and unto his sons, saying, On this wise ye shall bless the children of Israel, saying unto them," 2650, "These are they that were numbered of the families of the sons of Gershon, of all that might do service in the tabernacle of the congregation, whom Moses and Aaron did number according to the commandment of the LORD." 170, "As the LORD commanded Moses, so he numbered them in the wilderness of Sinai." 2800, "Even those that were numbered of them after their families, were three thousand and two hundred." 2040, "And the cloud of the LORD was upon them by day, when they went out of the camp." 29400, "They shall leave none of it unto the morning, nor break any bone of it: according to all the ordinances of the passover they shall keep it." 2580, "Of the tribe of Benjamin, Palti the son of Raphu." 3590, "The golden spoons were twelve, full of incense, weighing ten shekels apiece, after the shekel of the sanctuary: all the gold of the spoons was an hundred and twenty shekels." 1870, "Of Asher; Pagiel the son of Ocran." 229, "And Miriam was shut out from the camp seven days: and the people journeyed not till Miriam was brought in again." 2450, "And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Eliab the son of Helon." 244, "And four wagons and eight oxen he gave unto the sons of Merari, according unto their service, under the hand of Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest." 1850, "These are those that were numbered, which Moses and Aaron numbered, and the princes of Israel, being twelve men: each one was for the house of his fathers." 2720, "Of the tribe of Joseph, namely, of the tribe of Manasseh, Gaddi the son of Susi." 2540, "Number the children of Levi after the house of their fathers, by their families: every male from a month old and upward shalt thou number them." 2170, "This is the service of the families of the sons of Merari, according to all their service, in the tabernacle of the congregation, under the hand of Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest." 235, "All the days of his separation shall he eat nothing that is made of the vine tree, from the kernels even to the husk." 2650, "Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Judah, were threescore and fourteen thousand and six hundred." 2400, "And I will set my face against you, and ye shall be slain before your enemies: they that hate you shall reign over you; and ye shall flee when none pursueth you." 3270, "Of the children of Joseph, namely, of the children of Ephraim, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;" 166, "And that I also have walked contrary unto them, and have brought them into the land of their enemies; if then their uncircumcised hearts be humbled, and they then accept of the punishment of their iniquity:" 264, "Whence should I have flesh to give unto all this people? for they weep unto me, saying, Give us flesh, that we may eat." 2420, "From thirty years old and upward even until fifty years old, all that enter into the host, to do the work in the tabernacle of the congregation." 2490, "Thus were the journeyings of the children of Israel according to their armies, when they set forward." 2030, "And it came to pass, when the ark set forward, that Moses said, Rise up, LORD, and let thine enemies be scattered; and let them that hate thee flee before thee." 229, "And those men said unto him, We are defiled by the dead body of a man: wherefore are we kept back, that we may not offer an offering of the LORD in his appointed season among the children of Israel?" 199, "And it came to pass on the twentieth day of the second month, in the second year, that the cloud was taken up from off the tabernacle of the testimony." 2570, "My servant Moses is not so, who is faithful in all mine house." 4130, "From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old shalt thou number them, every one that entereth into the service, to do the work of the tabernacle of the congregation." 2410, "And if a man sanctify unto the LORD a field which he hath bought, which is not of the fields of his possession;" 3210, "And I, behold, I have taken the Levites from among the children of Israel instead of all the firstborn that openeth the matrix among the children of Israel: therefore the Levites shall be mine;" 2710, "And all the tithe of the land, whether of the seed of the land, or of the fruit of the tree, is the LORD'S: it is holy unto the LORD." 5010, "At the commandment of the LORD the children of Israel journeyed, and at the commandment of the LORD they pitched: as long as the cloud abode upon the tabernacle they rested in their tents." 285, "The LORD make his face shine upon thee, and be gracious unto thee:" 19300, "And Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest shall be chief over the chief of the Levites, and have the oversight of them that keep the charge of the sanctuary." 2210, "And from the age of fifty years they shall cease waiting upon the service thereof, and shall serve no more:" 2050, "And over the host of the tribe of the children of Manasseh was Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur." 2280, "And if ye walk contrary unto me, and will not hearken unto me; I will bring seven times more plagues upon you according to your sins." 3220, "And Moses by the commandment of the LORD sent them from the wilderness of Paran: all those men were heads of the children of Israel." 2980, "Take it of them, that they may be to do the service of the tabernacle of the congregation; and thou shalt give them unto the Levites, to every man according to his service." 194, "And the standard of the camp of the children of Dan set forward, which was the rereward of all the camps throughout their hosts: and over his host was Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai." 168, "And if thou deal thus with me, kill me, I pray thee, out of hand, if I have found favour in thy sight; and let me not see my wretchedness." 3280, "On the sixth day Eliasaph the son of Deuel, prince of the children of Gad, offered:" 2280, "Of Zebulun; Eliab the son of Helon." 232, "Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Dan, were threescore and two thousand and seven hundred." 2340, "And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were fifty and three thousand and four hundred." 2330, "But if he will at all redeem it, then he shall add a fifth part thereof unto thy estimation." 2020, "And Moses said unto them, Stand still, and I will hear what the LORD will command concerning you." 2250, "And if he that sanctified it will redeem his house, then he shall add the fifth part of the money of thy estimation unto it, and it shall be his." 3420, "The families of the sons of Kohath shall pitch on the side of the tabernacle southward." 2330, "Of the tribe of Gad, Geuel the son of Machi." 3630, "Then the priest shall reckon unto him the worth of thy estimation, even unto the year of the jubile: and he shall give thine estimation in that day, as a holy thing unto the LORD." 141, "On the south side shall be the standard of the camp of Reuben according to their armies: and the captain of the children of Reuben shall be Elizur the son of Shedeur." 2370, "And after that shall the Levites go in to do the service of the tabernacle of the congregation: and thou shalt cleanse them, and offer them for an offering." 2060, "Take the sum of the sons of Kohath from among the sons of Levi, after their families, by the house of their fathers," 2670, "And he that offered his offering the first day was Nahshon the son of Amminadab, of the tribe of Judah:" 2530, "And if it be from a month old even unto five years old, then thy estimation shall be of the male five shekels of silver, and for the female thy estimation shall be three shekels of silver." 229, "And Moses spake unto the children of Israel, that they should keep the passover." 3760, "And the priest shall bring them before the LORD, and shall offer his sin offering, and his burnt offering:" 3420, "And if the woman be not defiled, but be clean; then she shall be free, and shall conceive seed." 2570, "And yet for all that, when they be in the land of their enemies, I will not cast them away, neither will I abhor them, to destroy them utterly, and to break my covenant with them: for I am the LORD their God." 235, "Then the tribe of Gad: and the captain of the sons of Gad shall be Eliasaph the son of Reuel." 2100, "Then let them take a young bullock with his meat offering, even fine flour mingled with oil, and another young bullock shalt thou take for a sin offering." 1820, "And a basket of unleavened bread, cakes of fine flour mingled with oil, and wafers of unleavened bread anointed with oil, and their meat offering, and their drink offerings." 2670, "And the priest shall write these curses in a book, and he shall blot them out with the bitter water:" 2240, "And they assembled all the congregation together on the first day of the second month, and they declared their pedigrees after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, by their polls." 199, "And Moses numbered them according to the word of the LORD, as he was commanded." 2130, "From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old, every one that entereth into the service, for the work in the tabernacle of the congregation:" 2870, "And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Abidan the son of Gideoni." 242, "And the children of Israel shall pitch their tents, every man by his own camp, and every man by his own standard, throughout their hosts." 2290, "His offering was one silver charger of the weight of an hundred and thirty shekels, a silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:" 153, "But if the man have no kinsman to recompense the trespass unto, let the trespass be recompensed unto the LORD, even to the priest; beside the ram of the atonement, whereby an atonement shall be made for him." 167, "And I will scatter you among the heathen, and will draw out a sword after you: and your land shall be desolate, and your cities waste." 3410, "He offered for his offering one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:" 156, "But if he sanctify his field after the jubile, then the priest shall reckon unto him the money according to the years that remain, even unto the year of the jubile, and it shall be abated from thy estimation." 136, "And thou shalt give the money, wherewith the odd number of them is to be redeemed, unto Aaron and to his sons." 1680, "Of the tribe of Judah, Caleb the son of Jephunneh." 3830, "On the twelfth day Ahira the son of Enan, prince of the children of Naphtali, offered:" 2660, "And these were their names: of the tribe of Reuben, Shammua the son of Zaccur." 3810, "And this is the law of the Nazarite, when the days of his separation are fulfilled: he shall be brought unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation:" 2290, "And after that went the Levites in to do their service in the tabernacle of the congregation before Aaron, and before his sons: as the LORD had commanded Moses concerning the Levites, so did they unto them." 183, "Then shall the land enjoy her sabbaths, as long as it lieth desolate, and ye be in your enemies' land; even then shall the land rest, and enjoy her sabbaths." 2650, "Thus shalt thou separate the Levites from among the children of Israel: and the Levites shall be mine." 2650, "And the Kohathites set forward, bearing the sanctuary: and the other did set up the tabernacle against they came." 1650, "The LORD lift up his countenance upon thee, and give thee peace." 24900, "And they shall spread upon them a cloth of scarlet, and cover the same with a covering of badgers' skins, and shall put in the staves thereof." 2080, "And thou shalt bring the Levites before the tabernacle of the congregation: and thou shalt gather the whole assembly of the children of Israel together:" 2330, "Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Reuben, were forty and six thousand and five hundred." 2880, "Of the children of Benjamin, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;" 170, "And they that are left of you shall pine away in their iniquity in your enemies' lands; and also in the iniquities of their fathers shall they pine away with them." 2250, "Then the priest shall charge the woman with an oath of cursing, and the priest shall say unto the woman, The LORD make thee a curse and an oath among thy people, when the LORD doth make thy thigh to rot, and thy belly to swell;" 194, "But those that encamp before the tabernacle toward the east, even before the tabernacle of the congregation eastward, shall be Moses, and Aaron and his sons, keeping the charge of the sanctuary for the charge of the children of Israel; and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to death." 153, "And they shall put upon it all the vessels thereof, wherewith they minister about it, even the censers, the fleshhooks, and the shovels, and the basons, all the vessels of the altar; and they shall spread upon it a covering of badgers' skins, and put to the staves of it." 142, "(Now the man Moses was very meek, above all the men which were upon the face of the earth.)" 5350, "He shall not alter it, nor change it, a good for a bad, or a bad for a good: and if he shall at all change beast for beast, then it and the exchange thereof shall be holy." 210, "Of the tribe of Issachar, Igal the son of Joseph." 3290, "Ye shall not eat one day, nor two days, nor five days, neither ten days, nor twenty days;" 2500, "And he shall cause the woman to drink the bitter water that causeth the curse: and the water that causeth the curse shall enter into her, and become bitter." 2130, "And it came to pass on the day that Moses had fully set up the tabernacle, and had anointed it, and sanctified it, and all the instruments thereof, both the altar and all the vessels thereof, and had anointed them, and sanctified them;" 105, "And the standard of the camp of Reuben set forward according to their armies: and over his host was Elizur the son of Shedeur." 2010, "And the Nazarite shall shave the head of his separation at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and shall take the hair of the head of his separation, and put it in the fire which is under the sacrifice of the peace offerings." 201, "And ye shall eat the flesh of your sons, and the flesh of your daughters shall ye eat." 7760, "And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Nahshon the son of Amminadab." 2450, "And they kept the passover on the fourteenth day of the first month at even in the wilderness of Sinai: according to all that the LORD commanded Moses, so did the children of Israel." 2360, "And the LORD said unto Moses, Gather unto me seventy men of the elders of Israel, whom thou knowest to be the elders of the people, and officers over them; and bring them unto the tabernacle of the congregation, that they may stand there with thee." 242, "And those that were numbered of the sons of Gershon, throughout their families, and by the house of their fathers," 249, "When ye blow an alarm, then the camps that lie on the east parts shall go forward." 2490, "Even those that were numbered of them, were eight thousand and five hundred and fourscore." 1860, "And the people journeyed from Kibrothhattaavah unto Hazeroth; and abode at Hazeroth." 2550, "And those that were numbered of the families of the sons of Merari, throughout their families, by the house of their fathers," 239, "And over the host of the tribe of the children of Issachar was Nethaneel the son of Zuar." 1850, "And I have taken the Levites for all the firstborn of the children of Israel." 14400, "And Joshua the son of Nun, the servant of Moses, one of his young men, answered and said, My lord Moses, forbid them." 2260, "One spoon of ten shekels of gold, full of incense:" 2250, "If he sanctify his field from the year of jubile, according to thy estimation it shall stand." 241, "And the priest shall take holy water in an earthen vessel; and of the dust that is in the floor of the tabernacle the priest shall take, and put it into the water:" 2240, "And his host, and those that were numbered thereof, were fifty and four thousand and four hundred." 2040, "And they shall take all the instruments of ministry, wherewith they minister in the sanctuary, and put them in a cloth of blue, and cover them with a covering of badgers' skins, and shall put them on a bar:" 176, "And those which pitch by him shall be the tribe of Simeon: and the captain of the children of Simeon shall be Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai." 2040, "On the eleventh day Pagiel the son of Ocran, prince of the children of Asher, offered:" 2040, "All those that were numbered of the Levites, whom Moses and Aaron and the chief of Israel numbered, after their families, and after the house of their fathers," 1940, "And his host, and those that were numbered thereof, were fifty and seven thousand and four hundred." 2410, "On the tenth day Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai, prince of the children of Dan, offered:" 1980, "But thus do unto them, that they may live, and not die, when they approach unto the most holy things: Aaron and his sons shall go in, and appoint them every one to his service and to his burden:" 196, "On the seventh day Elishama the son of Ammihud, prince of the children of Ephraim, offered:" 1750, "Then the tribe of Zebulun: and Eliab the son of Helon shall be captain of the children of Zebulun." 2470, "Have I conceived all this people? have I begotten them, that thou shouldest say unto me, Carry them in thy bosom, as a nursing father beareth the sucking child, unto the land which thou swarest unto their fathers?" 234, "But the field, when it goeth out in the jubile, shall be holy unto the LORD, as a field devoted; the possession thereof shall be the priest's." 231, "And every man's hallowed things shall be his: whatsoever any man giveth the priest, it shall be his." 1770, "Thou shalt even take five shekels apiece by the poll, after the shekel of the sanctuary shalt thou take them: (the shekel is twenty gerahs:)" 1780, "Of Gershon was the family of the Libnites, and the family of the Shimites: these are the families of the Gershonites." 1980, "Take ye the sum of all the congregation of the children of Israel, after their families, by the house of their fathers, with the number of their names, every male by their polls;" 2520, "And the standard of the camp of the children of Ephraim set forward according to their armies: and over his host was Elishama the son of Ammihud." 235, "This is it that belongeth unto the Levites: from twenty and five years old and upward they shall go in to wait upon the service of the tabernacle of the congregation:" 1890, "I am not able to bear all this people alone, because it is too heavy for me." 3690, "And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were fifty and nine thousand and three hundred." 2300, "Of the tribe of Ephraim, Oshea the son of Nun." 2730, "And they shall fall one upon another, as it were before a sword, when none pursueth: and ye shall have no power to stand before your enemies." 2810, "And the LORD came down in a cloud, and spake unto him, and took of the spirit that was upon him, and gave it unto the seventy elders: and it came to pass, that, when the spirit rested upon them, they prophesied, and did not cease." 230, "And when the cloud was taken up from the tabernacle, then after that the children of Israel journeyed: and in the place where the cloud abode, there the children of Israel pitched their tents." 2160, "And Moses said, The people, among whom I am, are six hundred thousand footmen; and thou hast said, I will give them flesh, that they may eat a whole month." 2220, "And the hangings of the court, and the hanging for the door of the gate of the court, which is by the tabernacle and by the altar round about, and their cords, and all the instruments of their service, and all that is made for them: so shall they serve." 171, "And the children of Israel did according to all that the LORD commanded Moses: so they pitched by their standards, and so they set forward, every one after their families, according to the house of their fathers." 247, "From twenty years old and upward, all that are able to go forth to war in Israel: thou and Aaron shall number them by their armies." 3090, "And the LORD spake suddenly unto Moses, and unto Aaron, and unto Miriam, Come out ye three unto the tabernacle of the congregation. And they three came out." 2490, "Of Simeon; Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai." 5370, "And upon them that are left alive of you I will send a faintness into their hearts in the lands of their enemies; and the sound of a shaken leaf shall chase them; and they shall flee, as fleeing from a sword; and they shall fall when none pursueth." 191, "Of Gad; Eliasaph the son of Deuel." 5640, "And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were threescore and fourteen thousand and six hundred." 2280, "Of the children of Naphtali, throughout their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;" 194, "On the fourth day Elizur the son of Shedeur, prince of the children of Reuben, did offer:" 1940, "And if a man shall sanctify unto the LORD some part of a field of his possession, then thy estimation shall be according to the seed thereof: an homer of barley seed shall be valued at fifty shekels of silver." 156, "And it shall be, if thou go with us, yea, it shall be, that what goodness the LORD shall do unto us, the same will we do unto thee." 2160, "And of Kohath was the family of the Amramites, and the family of the Izeharites, and the family of the Hebronites, and the family of the Uzzielites: these are the families of the Kohathites." 1980, "From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old, every one that came to do the service of the ministry, and the service of the burden in the tabernacle of the congregation," 2090, "And I will break the pride of your power; and I will make your heaven as iron, and your earth as brass:" 4390, "Then will I remember my covenant with Jacob, and also my covenant with Isaac, and also my covenant with Abraham will I remember; and I will remember the land." 3490, "And they shall keep his charge, and the charge of the whole congregation before the tabernacle of the congregation, to do the service of the tabernacle." 2610, "Of the tribe of Zebulun, Gaddiel the son of Sodi." 2970, "And the pillars of the court round about, and their sockets, and their pins, and their cords, with all their instruments, and with all their service: and by name ye shall reckon the instruments of the charge of their burden." 145, "And he called the name of the place Taberah: because the fire of the LORD burnt among them." 2420, "And if ye will not yet for all this hearken unto me, then I will punish you seven times more for your sins." 3850, "And those that were numbered of them, according to the number of all the males, from a month old and upward, were six thousand and two hundred." 1750, "And the children of Israel took their journeys out of the wilderness of Sinai; and the cloud rested in the wilderness of Paran." 2330, "All that were numbered in the camp of Reuben were an hundred thousand and fifty and one thousand and four hundred and fifty, throughout their armies. And they shall set forth in the second rank." 186, "And he said, Leave us not, I pray thee; forasmuch as thou knowest how we are to encamp in the wilderness, and thou mayest be to us instead of eyes." 1860, "And the priest shall charge her by an oath, and say unto the woman, If no man have lain with thee, and if thou hast not gone aside to uncleanness with another instead of thy husband, be thou free from this bitter water that causeth the curse:" 207, "And there went forth a wind from the LORD, and brought quails from the sea, and let them fall by the camp, as it were a day's journey on this side, and as it were a day's journey on the other side, round about the camp, and as it were two cubits high upon the face of the earth." 221, "And if it be a female, then thy estimation shall be thirty shekels." 2840, "Take also the sum of the sons of Gershon, throughout the houses of their fathers, by their families;" 2190, "One kid of the goats for a sin offering:" 8800, "And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur." 239, "These are the statutes and judgments and laws, which the LORD made between him and the children of Israel in mount Sinai by the hand of Moses." 2540, "But when the congregation is to be gathered together, ye shall blow, but ye shall not sound an alarm." 2450, "Even those that were numbered of them, throughout their families, by the house of their fathers, were two thousand and six hundred and thirty." 250, "And these are the names of the men that shall stand with you: of the tribe of Reuben; Elizur the son of Shedeur." 3120, "And over the host of the tribe of the children of Naphtali was Ahira the son of Enan." 2680, "Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When a man shall make a singular vow, the persons shall be for the LORD by thy estimation." 2580, "Because all the firstborn are mine; for on the day that I smote all the firstborn in the land of Egypt I hallowed unto me all the firstborn in Israel, both man and beast: mine shall they be: I am the LORD." 219, "But the Levites after the tribe of their fathers were not numbered among them." 4150, "And Moses said unto him, Enviest thou for my sake? would God that all the LORD'S people were prophets, and that the LORD would put his spirit upon them!" 2770}