{"Also I will ordain a place for my people Israel, and will plant them, and they shall dwell in their place, and shall be moved no more; neither shall the children of wickedness waste them any more, as at the beginning," 229, "Now these are they that came to David to Ziklag, while he yet kept himself close because of Saul the son of Kish: and they were among the mighty men, helpers of the war." 1660, "Of the three, he was more honourable than the two; for he was their captain: howbeit he attained not to the first three." 1940, "And Hashubah, and Ohel, and Berechiah, and Hasadiah, Jushabhesed, five." 1880, "Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign, and he reigned thirty and one years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Jedidah, the daughter of Adaiah of Boscath." 3030, "The son of Elkanah, the son of Joel, the son of Azariah, the son of Zephaniah," 2330, "So Saul died, and his three sons, and all his house died together." 1870, "And it came to pass, when God helped the Levites that bare the ark of the covenant of the LORD, that they offered seven bullocks and seven rams." 1420, "Ibhar also, and Elishama, and Eliphelet," 2120, "And Ibneiah the son of Jeroham, and Elah the son of Uzzi, the son of Michri, and Meshullam the son of Shephathiah, the son of Reuel, the son of Ibnijah;" 1250, "And the sons of Bela; Ezbon, and Uzzi, and Uzziel, and Jerimoth, and Iri, five; heads of the house of their fathers, mighty men of valour; and were reckoned by their genealogies twenty and two thousand and thirty and four." 176, "And yet this was a small thing in thine eyes, O God; for thou hast also spoken of thy servant's house for a great while to come, and hast regarded me according to the estate of a man of high degree, O LORD God." 209, "And Eshton begat Bethrapha, and Paseah, and Tehinnah the father of Irnahash. These are the men of Rechah." 221, "And these are the numbers of the bands that were ready armed to the war, and came to David to Hebron, to turn the kingdom of Saul to him, according to the word of the LORD." 1700, "And out of the tribe of Benjamin; Geba with her suburbs, and Alemeth with her suburbs, and Anathoth with her suburbs. All their cities throughout their families were thirteen cities." 204, "Give unto the LORD, ye kindreds of the people, give unto the LORD glory and strength." 3520, "And his brother Asaph, who stood on his right hand, even Asaph the son of Berachiah, the son of Shimea," 1450, "Surely at the commandment of the LORD came this upon Judah, to remove them out of his sight, for the sins of Manasseh, according to all that he did;" 2340, "And the sons of Gomer; Ashchenaz, and Riphath, and Togarmah." 1990, "And the king commanded all the people, saying, Keep the passover unto the LORD your God, as it is written in the book of this covenant." 2520, "And all the congregation said that they would do so: for the thing was right in the eyes of all the people." 14300, "And at Gibeon dwelt the father of Gibeon; whose wife's name was Maachah:" 1260, "These were born unto the giant in Gath; and they fell by the hand of David, and by the hand of his servants." 2210, "And his brethren by their families, when the genealogy of their generations was reckoned, were the chief, Jeiel, and Zechariah," 1760, "And he brought out the grove from the house of the LORD, without Jerusalem, unto the brook Kidron, and burned it at the brook Kidron, and stamped it small to powder, and cast the powder thereof upon the graves of the children of the people." 197, "Beriah also, and Shema, who were heads of the fathers of the inhabitants of Aijalon, who drove away the inhabitants of Gath:" 1490, "And when the Syrians of Damascus came to help Hadarezer king of Zobah, David slew of the Syrians two and twenty thousand men." 2360, "And the families of the scribes which dwelt at Jabez; the Tirathites, the Shimeathites, and Suchathites. These are the Kenites that came of Hemath, the father of the house of Rechab." 1760, "And Azel had six sons, whose names are these, Azrikam, Bocheru, and Ishmael, and Sheariah, and Obadiah, and Hanan: these were the sons of Azel." 1260, "And he appointed certain of the Levites to minister before the ark of the LORD, and to record, and to thank and praise the LORD God of Israel:" 2230, "The sons of Salma; Bethlehem, and the Netophathites, Ataroth, the house of Joab, and half of the Manahethites, the Zorites." 1790, "And the sons of Cush; Seba, and Havilah, and Sabta, and Raamah, and Sabtecha. And the sons of Raamah; Sheba, and Dedan." 2330, "Noah, Shem, Ham, and Japheth." 18700, "And he took Geshur, and Aram, with the towns of Jair, from them, with Kenath, and the towns thereof, even threescore cities. All these belonged to the sons of Machir the father of Gilead." 1640, "And it came to pass the same night, that the word of God came to Nathan, saying," 2030, "And like unto him was there no king before him, that turned to the LORD with all his heart, and with all his soul, and with all his might, according to all the law of Moses; neither after him arose there any like him." 272, "And Hilkiah the high priest said unto Shaphan the scribe, I have found the book of the law in the house of the LORD. And Hilkiah gave the book to Shaphan, and he read it." 2680, "And the fame of David went out into all lands; and the LORD brought the fear of him upon all nations." 1850, "Eluzai, and Jerimoth, and Bealiah, and Shemariah, and Shephatiah the Haruphite," 1310, "And Adaiah, and Beraiah, and Shimrath, the sons of Shimhi;" 1590, "And Boaz begat Obed, and Obed begat Jesse," 3460, "And the inhabitants of Jebus said to David, Thou shalt not come hither. Nevertheless David took the castle of Zion, which is the city of David." 1880, "And out of the tribe of Asher; Mashal with her suburbs, and Abdon with her suburbs," 1920, "And I have been with thee whithersoever thou hast walked, and have cut off all thine enemies from before thee, and have made thee a name like the name of the great men that are in the earth." 1630, "Uthai the son of Ammihud, the son of Omri, the son of Imri, the son of Bani, of the children of Pharez the son of Judah." 1990, "All these men of war, that could keep rank, came with a perfect heart to Hebron, to make David king over all Israel: and all the rest also of Israel were of one heart to make David king." 2270, "And Ner begat Kish; and Kish begat Saul; and Saul begat Jonathan, and Malchishua, and Abinadab, and Eshbaal." 2410, "Attai the sixth, Eliel the seventh," 1710, "And Meshobab, and Jamlech, and Joshah the son of Amaziah," 1900, "And Zadok the priest, and his brethren the priests, before the tabernacle of the LORD in the high place that was at Gibeon," 2570, "And Mattithiah, one of the Levites, who was the firstborn of Shallum the Korahite, had the set office over the things that were made in the pans." 1280, "These were heads of the fathers, by their generations, chief men. These dwelt in Jerusalem." 1490, "And it came to pass, as the ark of the covenant of the LORD came to the city of David, that Michal the daughter of Saul looking out at a window saw king David dancing and playing: and she despised him in her heart." 256, "So they took the king, and brought him up to the king of Babylon to Riblah; and they gave judgment upon him." 2010, "And Ephah, Caleb's concubine, bare Haran, and Moza, and Gazez: and Haran begat Gazez." 2110, "And Naaman, and Ahiah, and Gera, he removed them, and begat Uzza, and Ahihud." 1280, "The sons of Manasseh; Ashriel, whom she bare: (but his concubine the Aramitess bare Machir the father of Gilead:" 1520, "And his servants carried him in a chariot dead from Megiddo, and brought him to Jerusalem, and buried him in his own sepulchre. And the people of the land took Jehoahaz the son of Josiah, and anointed him, and made him king in his father's stead." 177, "These things did Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and had the name among the three mighties." 1280, "Sing unto him, sing psalms unto him, talk ye of all his wondrous works." 5060, "The sons of Simeon were, Nemuel, and Jamin, Jarib, Zerah, and Shaul:" 1830, "And Jabez called on the God of Israel, saying, Oh that thou wouldest bless me indeed, and enlarge my coast, and that thine hand might be with me, and that thou wouldest keep me from evil, that it may not grieve me! And God granted him that which he requested." 3600, "And the city was besieged unto the eleventh year of king Zedekiah." 2600, "Mishma, and Dumah, Massa, Hadad, and Tema," 2890, "Joel the brother of Nathan, Mibhar the son of Haggeri," 1960, "And Shaphan the scribe shewed the king, saying, Hilkiah the priest hath delivered me a book. And Shaphan read it before the king." 1700, "Ahaz his son, Hezekiah his son, Manasseh his son," 2470, "And they went to the entrance of Gedor, even unto the east side of the valley, to seek pasture for their flocks." 1550, "Then on that day David delivered first this psalm to thank the LORD into the hand of Asaph and his brethren." 2410, "The sons of Abraham; Isaac, and Ishmael." 24900, "And Gedaliah sware to them, and to their men, and said unto them, Fear not to be the servants of the Chaldees: dwell in the land, and serve the king of Babylon; and it shall be well with you." 2760, "And he put down the idolatrous priests, whom the kings of Judah had ordained to burn incense in the high places in the cities of Judah, and in the places round about Jerusalem; them also that burned incense unto Baal, to the sun, and to the moon, and to the planets, and to all the host of heaven." 234, "Ezer the first, Obadiah the second, Eliab the third," 1700, "Now it came to pass after this, that Nahash the king of the children of Ammon died, and his son reigned in his stead." 1570, "And his firstborn son Abdon, then Zur, and Kish, and Baal, and Ner, and Nadab," 1490, "In his days Pharaohnechoh king of Egypt went up against the king of Assyria to the river Euphrates: and king Josiah went against him; and he slew him at Megiddo, when he had seen him." 232, "So the Levites appointed Heman the son of Joel; and of his brethren, Asaph the son of Berechiah; and of the sons of Merari their brethren, Ethan the son of Kushaiah;" 2200, "Whose sisters were Zeruiah, and Abigail. And the sons of Zeruiah; Abishai, and Joab, and Asahel, three." 1750, "And the sons of Japhlet; Pasach, and Bimhal, and Ashvath. These are the children of Japhlet." 1700, "The sons, I say, of Reuben the firstborn of Israel were, Hanoch, and Pallu, Hezron, and Carmi." 2160, "And Abigail bare Amasa: and the father of Amasa was Jether the Ishmeelite." 1770, "And the sons of Mishma; Hamuel his son, Zacchur his son, Shimei his son." 1790, "And of the half tribe of Manasseh eighteen thousand, which were expressed by name, to come and make David king." 2740, "And the servants of Amon conspired against him, and slew the king in his own house." 1610, "And their brethren, heads of the house of their fathers, a thousand and seven hundred and threescore; very able men for the work of the service of the house of God." 1860, "And the sons of Appaim; Ishi. And the sons of Ishi; Sheshan. And the children of Sheshan; Ahlai." 1780, "Amaziah his son, Azariah his son, Jotham his son," 2020, "And Coz begat Anub, and Zobebah, and the families of Aharhel the son of Harum." 1450, "And Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came against the city, and his servants did besiege it." 2500, "And David took the shields of gold that were on the servants of Hadarezer, and brought them to Jerusalem." 1690, "For all the gods of the people are idols: but the LORD made the heavens." 10200, "And they dwelt in Gilead in Bashan, and in her towns, and in all the suburbs of Sharon, upon their borders." 1650, "And when his armourbearer saw that Saul was dead, he fell likewise on the sword, and died." 2580, "And when Husham was dead, Hadad the son of Bedad, which smote Midian in the field of Moab, reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Avith." 2620, "And of Asher, such as went forth to battle, expert in war, forty thousand." 1800, "And Adaiah the son of Jeroham, the son of Pashur, the son of Malchijah, and Maasiai the son of Adiel, the son of Jahzerah, the son of Meshullam, the son of Meshillemith, the son of Immer;" 1500, "Ithai the son of Ribai of Gibeah, that pertained to the children of Benjamin, Benaiah the Pirathonite," 1490, "Of the sons of Gershom; Joel the chief, and his brethren an hundred and thirty:" 1820, "So they and their children had the oversight of the gates of the house of the LORD, namely, the house of the tabernacle, by wards." 1470, "And as for the people that remained in the land of Judah, whom Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon had left, even over them he made Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, the son of Shaphan, ruler." 205, "And the sons of Kohath were, Amram, and Izhar, and Hebron, and Uzziel." 3450, "Now when Joab saw that the battle was set against him before and behind, he chose out of all the choice of Israel, and put them in array against the Syrians." 1320, "And their villages were, Etam, and Ain, Rimmon, and Tochen, and Ashan, five cities:" 1580, "Give unto the LORD the glory due unto his name: bring an offering, and come before him: worship the LORD in the beauty of holiness." 3370, "The sons of Esau; Eliphaz, Reuel, and Jeush, and Jaalam, and Korah." 3130, "Jehoahaz was twenty and three years old when he began to reign; and he reigned three months in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Hamutal, the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah." 2870, "And Gera, and Shephuphan, and Huram." 1490, "Laadan his son, Ammihud his son, Elishama his son," 2000, "And Hur begat Uri, and Uri begat Bezaleel." 1490, "And Moza begat Binea: Rapha was his son, Eleasah his son, Azel his son:" 1340, "Now Sheshan had no sons, but daughters. And Sheshan had a servant, an Egyptian, whose name was Jarha." 1730, "And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada was over the Cherethites and the Pelethites; and the sons of David were chief about the king." 1920, "And Jeuz, and Shachia, and Mirma. These were his sons, heads of the fathers." 1240, "In his days Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up, and Jehoiakim became his servant three years: then he turned and rebelled against him." 2370, "And Ophir, and Havilah, and Jobab. All these were the sons of Joktan." 4790, "These chief fathers of the Levites were chief throughout their generations; these dwelt at Jerusalem." 1410, "And the king of Egypt came not again any more out of his land: for the king of Babylon had taken from the river of Egypt unto the river Euphrates all that pertained to the king of Egypt." 2850, "And they put his armour in the house of their gods, and fastened his head in the temple of Dagon." 1730, "Remember his marvellous works that he hath done, his wonders, and the judgments of his mouth;" 3740, "Zelek the Ammonite, Naharai the Berothite, the armourbearer of Joab the son of Zeruiah," 1750, "Who hitherto waited in the king's gate eastward: they were porters in the companies of the children of Levi." 1280, "And it came to pass in the eighteenth year of king Josiah, that the king sent Shaphan the son of Azaliah, the son of Meshullam, the scribe, to the house of the LORD, saying," 3310, "And the sons of Ulam; Bedan. These were the sons of Gilead, the son of Machir, the son of Manasseh." 1730, "And yet again there was war at Gath, where was a man of great stature, whose fingers and toes were four and twenty, six on each hand, and six on each foot: and he also was the son of the giant." 335, "Then the spirit came upon Amasai, who was chief of the captains, and he said, Thine are we, David, and on thy side, thou son of Jesse: peace, peace be unto thee, and peace be to thine helpers; for thy God helpeth thee. Then David received them, and made them captains of the band." 183, "For Judah prevailed above his brethren, and of him came the chief ruler; but the birthright was Joseph's:)" 2210, "And on the other side Jordan by Jericho, on the east side of Jordan, were given them out of the tribe of Reuben, Bezer in the wilderness with her suburbs, and Jahzah with her suburbs," 232, "And Abishai the brother of Joab, he was chief of the three: for lifting up his spear against three hundred, he slew them, and had a name among the three." 1640, "And she said unto them, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Tell the man that sent you to me," 3180, "Moreover Abishai the son of Zeruiah slew of the Edomites in the valley of salt eighteen thousand." 2410, "And the sons of Shimon were, Amnon, and Rinnah, Benhanan, and Tilon. And the sons of Ishi were, Zoheth, and Benzoheth." 219, "Moreover the workers with familiar spirits, and the wizards, and the images, and the idols, and all the abominations that were spied in the land of Judah and in Jerusalem, did Josiah put away, that he might perform the words of the law which were written in the book that Hilkiah the priest found in the house of the LORD." 237, "And Solomon's son was Rehoboam, Abia his son, Asa his son, Jehoshaphat his son," 2780, "And he said, Let him alone; let no man move his bones. So they let his bones alone, with the bones of the prophet that came out of Samaria." 2700, "And the pillars of brass that were in the house of the LORD, and the bases, and the brasen sea that was in the house of the LORD, did the Chaldees break in pieces, and carried the brass of them to Babylon." 203, "And the people of the land slew all them that had conspired against king Amon; and the people of the land made Josiah his son king in his stead." 2230, "Let the sea roar, and the fulness thereof: let the fields rejoice, and all that is therein." 1880, "And all the men of might, even seven thousand, and craftsmen and smiths a thousand, all that were strong and apt for war, even them the king of Babylon brought captive to Babylon." 281, "And of the sons of Zerah; Jeuel, and their brethren, six hundred and ninety." 1290, "And in the days of Saul they made war with the Hagarites, who fell by their hand: and they dwelt in their tents throughout all the east land of Gilead." 1560, "Then David said, None ought to carry the ark of God but the Levites: for them hath the LORD chosen to carry the ark of God, and to minister unto him for ever." 1970, "And these were of the father of Etam; Jezreel, and Ishma, and Idbash: and the name of their sister was Hazelelponi:" 2080, "And they gave by lot out of the tribe of the children of Judah, and out of the tribe of the children of Simeon, and out of the tribe of the children of Benjamin, these cities, which are called by their names." 250, "The son of Jahath, the son of Gershom, the son of Levi." 1620, "And Jehoiachin the king of Judah went out to the king of Babylon, he, and his mother, and his servants, and his princes, and his officers: and the king of Babylon took him in the eighth year of his reign." 3400, "And the LORD sent against him bands of the Chaldees, and bands of the Syrians, and bands of the Moabites, and bands of the children of Ammon, and sent them against Judah to destroy it, according to the word of the LORD, which he spake by his servants the prophets." 278, "And David dwelt in the castle; therefore they called it the city of David." 2690, "The sons of Reuben, and the Gadites, and half the tribe of Manasseh, of valiant men, men able to bear buckler and sword, and to shoot with bow, and skilful in war, were four and forty thousand seven hundred and threescore, that went out to the war." 222, "Shimea his son, Haggiah his son, Asaiah his son." 1860, "These six were born unto him in Hebron; and there he reigned seven years and six months: and in Jerusalem he reigned thirty and three years." 2270, "And Zabad begat Ephlal, and Ephlal begat Obed," 3650, "And the sons of Jahdai; Regem, and Jotham, and Geshan, and Pelet, and Ephah, and Shaaph." 181, "For there fell down many slain, because the war was of God. And they dwelt in their steads until the captivity." 1470, "Sibbecai the Hushathite, Ilai the Ahohite," 2350, "Of the sons of Merari; Asaiah the chief, and his brethren two hundred and twenty:" 1480, "Elkanah his son, and Ebiasaph his son, and Assir his son," 2010, "The son of Tahath, the son of Assir, the son of Ebiasaph, the son of Korah," 2300, "And they slew the sons of Zedekiah before his eyes, and put out the eyes of Zedekiah, and bound him with fetters of brass, and carried him to Babylon." 1850, "Of the sons of Hebron; Eliel the chief, and his brethren fourscore:" 1720, "And David went out to meet them, and answered and said unto them, If ye be come peaceably unto me to help me, mine heart shall be knit unto you: but if ye be come to betray me to mine enemies, seeing there is no wrong in mine hands, the God of our fathers look thereon, and rebuke it." 185, "And the children of Gad dwelt over against them, in the land of Bashan unto Salchah:" 128, "Hurai of the brooks of Gaash, Abiel the Arbathite," 2060, "And the Philistines yet again spread themselves abroad in the valley." 1740, "And the sons of Helah were, Zereth, and Jezoar, and Ethnan." 1530, "Now the rest of the acts of Amon which he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?" 1660, "And when they had left their gods there, David gave a commandment, and they were burned with fire." 1430, "And Uzzi begat Zerahiah, and Zerahiah begat Meraioth," 1420, "The sons of Naphtali; Jahziel, and Guni, and Jezer, and Shallum, the sons of Bilhah." 1690, "And the Philistines came and spread themselves in the valley of Rephaim." 2980, "And it came to pass on the morrow, when the Philistines came to strip the slain, that they found Saul and his sons fallen in mount Gilboa." 2550, "For thou, O my God, hast told thy servant that thou wilt build him an house: therefore thy servant hath found in his heart to pray before thee." 269, "And at Bethmarcaboth, and Hazarsusim, and at Bethbirei, and at Shaaraim. These were their cities unto the reign of David." 222, "And Phinehas the son of Eleazar was the ruler over them in time past, and the LORD was with him." 1560, "And when he went in to his wife, she conceived, and bare a son, and he called his name Beriah, because it went evil with his house." 1590, "And these written by name came in the days of Hezekiah king of Judah, and smote their tents, and the habitations that were found there, and destroyed them utterly unto this day, and dwelt in their rooms: because there was pasture there for their flocks." 1830, "Then there went certain, and told David how the men were served. And he sent to meet them: for the men were greatly ashamed. And the king said, Tarry at Jericho until your beards be grown, and then return." 214, "And also for the innocent blood that he shed: for he filled Jerusalem with innocent blood; which the LORD would not pardon." 1840, "And of the children of Ephraim twenty thousand and eight hundred, mighty men of valour, famous throughout the house of their fathers." 228, "And of the Gadites there separated themselves unto David into the hold to the wilderness men of might, and men of war fit for the battle, that could handle shield and buckler, whose faces were like the faces of lions, and were as swift as the roes upon the mountains;" 180, "And David took the crown of their king from off his head, and found it to weigh a talent of gold, and there were precious stones in it; and it was set upon David's head: and he brought also exceeding much spoil out of the city." 207, "And he brake down the houses of the sodomites, that were by the house of the LORD, where the women wove hangings for the grove." 2780, "Dan, Joseph, and Benjamin, Naphtali, Gad, and Asher." 1900, "And his wife Jehudijah bare Jered the father of Gedor, and Heber the father of Socho, and Jekuthiel the father of Zanoah. And these are the sons of Bithiah the daughter of Pharaoh, which Mered took." 1600, "And the captain of the guard took Seraiah the chief priest, and Zephaniah the second priest, and the three keepers of the door:" 2280, "And Zadok the son of Ahitub, and Abimelech the son of Abiathar, were the priests; and Shavsha was scribe;" 1500, "And the children of Ammon came out, and put the battle in array before the gate of the city: and the kings that were come were by themselves in the field." 1380, "Of the sons of Uzziel; Amminadab the chief, and his brethren an hundred and twelve." 1450, "O LORD, for thy servant's sake, and according to thine own heart, hast thou done all this greatness, in making known all these great things." 1280, "He suffered no man to do them wrong: yea, he reproved kings for their sakes," 3700, "The sons of Eliphaz; Teman, and Omar, Zephi, and Gatam, Kenaz, and Timna, and Amalek." 2700, "In four quarters were the porters, toward the east, west, north, and south." 1780, "Now the rest of the acts of Jehoiakim, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?" 1790, "And Heshbon with her suburbs, and Jazer with her suburbs." 244, "So the singers, Heman, Asaph, and Ethan, were appointed to sound with cymbals of brass;" 2670, "For at that time day by day there came to David to help him, until it was a great host, like the host of God." 1540, "And when all Jabeshgilead heard all that the Philistines had done to Saul," 243, "And Ahimaaz begat Azariah, and Azariah begat Johanan," 1640, "And Hananiah, and Elam, and Antothijah," 1450, "And he said, If the Syrians be too strong for me, then thou shalt help me: but if the children of Ammon be too strong for thee, then I will help thee." 2110, "And when they came unto the threshingfloor of Chidon, Uzza put forth his hand to hold the ark; for the oxen stumbled." 1870, "And Jabez was more honourable than his brethren: and his mother called his name Jabez, saying, Because I bare him with sorrow." 2150, "And Naarah bare him Ahuzam, and Hepher, and Temeni, and Haahashtari. These were the sons of Naarah." 1850, "And at Bethuel, and at Hormah, and at Ziklag," 1940, "These are they that went over Jordan in the first month, when it had overflown all his banks; and they put to flight all them of the valleys, both toward the east, and toward the west." 2570, "And Ahio, Shashak, and Jeremoth," 1780, "Maachah, Caleb's concubine, bare Sheber, and Tirhanah." 1650, "And all the houses also of the high places that were in the cities of Samaria, which the kings of Israel had made to provoke the LORD to anger, Josiah took away, and did to them according to all the acts that he had done in Bethel." 168, "And he built the city round about, even from Millo round about: and Joab repaired the rest of the city." 1480, "And the sons of Jehoiakim: Jeconiah his son, Zedekiah his son." 2200, "And he carried away all Jerusalem, and all the princes, and all the mighty men of valour, even ten thousand captives, and all the craftsmen and smiths: none remained, save the poorest sort of the people of the land." 289, "And with them Heman and Jeduthun with trumpets and cymbals for those that should make a sound, and with musical instruments of God. And the sons of Jeduthun were porters." 3050, "O give thanks unto the LORD; for he is good; for his mercy endureth for ever." 24900, "And they lodged round about the house of God, because the charge was upon them, and the opening thereof every morning pertained to them." 1760, "The sons of Levi; Gershon, Kohath, and Merari." 9970, "And Cush begat Nimrod: he began to be mighty upon the earth." 3040, "Now the rest of the acts of Josiah, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?" 2700, "And David smote Hadarezer king of Zobah unto Hamath, as he went to stablish his dominion by the river Euphrates." 2030, "And Zechariah the son of Meshelemiah was porter of the door of the tabernacle of the congregation." 2180, "Now Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to David, and timber of cedars, with masons and carpenters, to build him an house." 2040, "And when they had stripped him, they took his head, and his armour, and sent into the land of the Philistines round about, to carry tidings unto their idols, and to the people." 1960, "And these were the heads of the house of their fathers, even Epher, and Ishi, and Eliel, and Azriel, and Jeremiah, and Hodaviah, and Jahdiel, mighty men of valour, famous men, and heads of the house of their fathers." 229, "Eliel the Mahavite, and Jeribai, and Joshaviah, the sons of Elnaam, and Ithmah the Moabite," 1580, "Then shall the trees of the wood sing out at the presence of the LORD, because he cometh to judge the earth." 2820, "And he took away the horses that the kings of Judah had given to the sun, at the entering in of the house of the LORD, by the chamber of Nathanmelech the chamberlain, which was in the suburbs, and burned the chariots of the sun with fire." 172, "Let it even be established, that thy name may be magnified for ever, saying, The LORD of hosts is the God of Israel, even a God to Israel: and let the house of David thy servant be established before thee." 259, "He shall build me an house, and I will stablish his throne for ever." 1980, "And Shebaniah, and Jehoshaphat, and Nethaneel, and Amasai, and Zechariah, and Benaiah, and Eliezer, the priests, did blow with the trumpets before the ark of God: and Obededom and Jehiah were doorkeepers for the ark." 194, "And all the people, both small and great, and the captains of the armies, arose, and came to Egypt: for they were afraid of the Chaldees." 1640, "As he went to Ziklag, there fell to him of Manasseh, Adnah, and Jozabad, and Jediael, and Michael, and Jozabad, and Elihu, and Zilthai, captains of the thousands that were of Manasseh." 1610, "But it came to pass in the seventh month, that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, the son of Elishama, of the seed royal, came, and ten men with him, and smote Gedaliah, that he died, and the Jews and the Chaldees that were with him at Mizpah." 184, "And the sons of Ezra were, Jether, and Mered, and Epher, and Jalon: and she bare Miriam, and Shammai, and Ishbah the father of Eshtemoa." 1740, "The height of the one pillar was eighteen cubits, and the chapiter upon it was brass: and the height of the chapiter three cubits; and the wreathen work, and pomegranates upon the chapiter round about, all of brass: and like unto these had the second pillar with wreathen work." 227, "And the sons of Onam were, Shammai, and Jada. And the sons of Shammai; Nadab, and Abishur." 1580, "Uzzia the Ashterathite, Shama and Jehiel the sons of Hothan the Aroerite," 2220, "The sons also of Hezron, that were born unto him; Jerahmeel, and Ram, and Chelubai." 1920, "And the sons of Pedaiah were, Zerubbabel, and Shimei: and the sons of Zerubbabel; Meshullam, and Hananiah, and Shelomith their sister:" 3160, "Abram; the same is Abraham." 2580, "Be of good courage, and let us behave ourselves valiantly for our people, and for the cities of our God: and let the LORD do that which is good in his sight." 2600, "Now the sons of Caleb the brother of Jerahmeel were, Mesha his firstborn, which was the father of Ziph; and the sons of Mareshah the father of Hebron." 1770, "And Obed begat Jehu, and Jehu begat Azariah," 3540, "And out of the tribe of Issachar; Kedesh with her suburbs, Daberath with her suburbs," 243, "And he brought out the people that were in it, and cut them with saws, and with harrows of iron, and with axes. Even so dealt David with all the cities of the children of Ammon. And David and all the people returned to Jerusalem." 277, "And his sister Hammoleketh bare Ishod, and Abiezer, and Mahalah." 1410, "And Moza begat Binea; and Rephaiah his son, Eleasah his son, Azel his son." 1850, "And David said, I will shew kindness unto Hanun the son of Nahash, because his father shewed kindness to me. And David sent messengers to comfort him concerning his father. So the servants of David came into the land of the children of Ammon to Hanun, to comfort him." 185, "And Shimei had sixteen sons and six daughters; but his brethren had not many children, neither did all their family multiply, like to the children of Judah." 1990, "And David said unto all the congregation of Israel, If it seem good unto you, and that it be of the LORD our God, let us send abroad unto our brethren every where, that are left in all the land of Israel, and with them also to the priests and Levites which are in their cities and suburbs, that they may gather themselves unto us:" 285, "And Aijalon with her suburbs, and Gathrimmon with her suburbs:" 207, "And with them their brethren of the second degree, Zechariah, Ben, and Jaaziel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehiel, and Unni, Eliab, and Benaiah, and Maaseiah, and Mattithiah, and Elipheleh, and Mikneiah, and Obededom, and Jeiel, the porters." 2200, "Their brethren also the Levites were appointed unto all manner of service of the tabernacle of the house of God." 1360, "And it came to pass in the seven and thirtieth year of the captivity of Jehoiachin king of Judah, in the twelfth month, on the seven and twentieth day of the month, that Evilmerodach king of Babylon in the year that he began to reign did lift up the head of Jehoiachin king of Judah out of prison;" 162, "Nethaneel the fourth, Raddai the fifth," 1550, "And Satan stood up against Israel, and provoked David to number Israel." 7410, "And the children of the half tribe of Manasseh dwelt in the land: they increased from Bashan unto Baalhermon and Senir, and unto mount Hermon." 250, "And the sons of Hananiah; Pelatiah, and Jesaiah: the sons of Rephaiah, the sons of Arnan, the sons of Obadiah, the sons of Shechaniah." 1970, "And the children of the Levites bare the ark of God upon their shoulders with the staves thereon, as Moses commanded according to the word of the LORD." 1700, "And Bela the son of Azaz, the son of Shema, the son of Joel, who dwelt in Aroer, even unto Nebo and Baalmeon:" 226, "Of the children of Simeon, mighty men of valour for the war, seven thousand and one hundred." 239, "And his allowance was a continual allowance given him of the king, a daily rate for every day, all the days of his life." 2270, "Go and tell David, saying, Thus saith the LORD, I offer thee three things: choose thee one of them, that I may do it unto thee." 2160, "The sons of Zophah; Suah, and Harnepher, and Shual, and Beri, and Imrah," 1440, "And Azel had six sons, whose names are these, Azrikam, Bocheru, and Ishmael, and Sheariah, and Obadiah, and Hanan. All these were the sons of Azel." 1620, "And he slew an Egyptian, a man of great stature, five cubits high; and in the Egyptian's hand was a spear like a weaver's beam; and he went down to him with a staff, and plucked the spear out of the Egyptian's hand, and slew him with his own spear." 217, "And Ziza the son of Shiphi, the son of Allon, the son of Jedaiah, the son of Shimri, the son of Shemaiah;" 2200, "And the king sent, and they gathered unto him all the elders of Judah and of Jerusalem." 2440, "The sons of Judah; Pharez, Hezron, and Carmi, and Hur, and Shobal." 2700, "But in the eighteenth year of king Josiah, wherein this passover was holden to the LORD in Jerusalem." 2010, "Hepher the Mecherathite, Ahijah the Pelonite," 1950, "And when Shaul was dead, Baalhanan the son of Achbor reigned in his stead." 2610, "So they brought the ark of God, and set it in the midst of the tent that David had pitched for it: and they offered burnt sacrifices and peace offerings before God." 2070, "And Joab the son of Zeruiah was over the host; and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud, recorder." 1750, "And David said unto God, I have sinned greatly, because I have done this thing: but now, I beseech thee, do away the iniquity of thy servant; for I have done very foolishly." 2050, "And God sent an angel unto Jerusalem to destroy it: and as he was destroying, the LORD beheld, and he repented him of the evil, and said to the angel that destroyed, It is enough, stay now thine hand. And the angel of the LORD stood by the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite." 245, "And David lifted up his eyes, and saw the angel of the LORD stand between the earth and the heaven, having a drawn sword in his hand stretched out over Jerusalem. Then David and the elders of Israel, who were clothed in sackcloth, fell upon their faces." 231, "Therefore came all the elders of Israel to the king to Hebron; and David made a covenant with them in Hebron before the LORD; and they anointed David king over Israel, according to the word of the LORD by Samuel." 246, "Unto carpenters, and builders, and masons, and to buy timber and hewn stone to repair the house." 2260, "And the sons of Midian; Ephah, and Epher, and Henoch, and Abida, and Eldaah. All these are the sons of Keturah." 2430, "And of the Shilonites; Asaiah the firstborn, and his sons." 2020, "Maharai the Netophathite, Heled the son of Baanah the Netophathite," 1980, "And they transgressed against the God of their fathers, and went a whoring after the gods of the people of the land, whom God destroyed before them." 1710, "And all the army of the Chaldees, that were with the captain of the guard, brake down the walls of Jerusalem round about." 2220, "And it came to pass in the ninth year of his reign, in the tenth month, in the tenth day of the month, that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came, he, and all his host, against Jerusalem, and pitched against it; and they built forts against it round about." 239, "And the sons of Shamer; Ahi, and Rohgah, Jehubbah, and Aram." 1520, "O ye seed of Israel his servant, ye children of Jacob, his chosen ones." 2170, "And the sons of Ram the firstborn of Jerahmeel were, Maaz, and Jamin, and Eker." 1400, "But the fields of the city, and the villages thereof, they gave to Caleb the son of Jephunneh." 2220, "Declare his glory among the heathen; his marvellous works among all nations." 2160, "And the king commanded Hilkiah the priest, and Ahikam the son of Shaphan, and Achbor the son of Michaiah, and Shaphan the scribe, and Asahiah a servant of the king's, saying," 1910, "And Penuel the father of Gedor, and Ezer the father of Hushah. These are the sons of Hur, the firstborn of Ephratah, the father of Bethlehem." 1940, "And Iphedeiah, and Penuel, the sons of Shashak;" 1240, "Joram his son, Ahaziah his son, Joash his son," 2350, "And the sons of Ephraim; Shuthelah, and Bered his son, and Tahath his son, and Eladah his son, and Tahath his son," 1750, "Jerahmeel had also another wife, whose name was Atarah; she was the mother of Onam." 1660, "And David was afraid of God that day, saying, How shall I bring the ark of God home to me?" 1680, "And of Hushim he begat Abitub, and Elpaal." 1480, "And he walked in all the way that his father walked in, and served the idols that his father served, and worshipped them:" 2680, "And they made war with the Hagarites, with Jetur, and Nephish, and Nodab." 1850, "Henoch, Methuselah, Lamech," 2060, "And Abdon, and Zichri, and Hanan," 1490, "And Pathrusim, and Casluhim, (of whom came the Philistines,) and Caphthorim." 1550, "And Gedor, and Ahio, and Zacher." 1240, "And Azariah begat Helez, and Helez begat Eleasah," 3620, "Surely there was not holden such a passover from the days of the judges that judged Israel, nor in all the days of the kings of Israel, nor of the kings of Judah;" 2170, "And they were helped against them, and the Hagarites were delivered into their hand, and all that were with them: for they cried to God in the battle, and he was intreated of them; because they put their trust in him." 254, "Hadad died also. And the dukes of Edom were; duke Timnah, duke Aliah, duke Jetheth," 1870, "Now the sons of Keturah, Abraham's concubine: she bare Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and Ishbak, and Shuah. And the sons of Jokshan; Sheba, and Dedan." 2820, "Unto the rest of the children of Merari were given out of the tribe of Zebulun, Rimmon with her suburbs, Tabor with her suburbs:" 244, "And the king stood by a pillar, and made a covenant before the LORD, to walk after the LORD, and to keep his commandments and his testimonies and his statutes with all their heart and all their soul, to perform the words of this covenant that were written in this book. And all the people stood to the covenant." 161, "Of Zebulun, such as went forth to battle, expert in war, with all instruments of war, fifty thousand, which could keep rank: they were not of double heart." 2710, "Shallum his son, Mibsam his son, Mishma his son." 1590, "And the sons of Elioenai were, Hodaiah, and Eliashib, and Pelaiah, and Akkub, and Johanan, and Dalaiah, and Anani, seven." 1540, "And let them deliver it into the hand of the doers of the work, that have the oversight of the house of the LORD: and let them give it to the doers of the work which is in the house of the LORD, to repair the breaches of the house," 209, "Now the sons of Issachar were, Tola, and Puah, Jashub, and Shimron, four." 176, "Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, the son of a valiant man of Kabzeel, who had done many acts; he slew two lionlike men of Moab: also he went down and slew a lion in a pit in a snowy day." 284, "And the sons of Tola; Uzzi, and Rephaiah, and Jeriel, and Jahmai, and Jibsam, and Shemuel, heads of their father's house, to wit, of Tola: they were valiant men of might in their generations; whose number was in the days of David two and twenty thousand and six hundred." 187, "And David said unto Gad, I am in a great strait: let me fall now into the hand of the LORD; for very great are his mercies: but let me not fall into the hand of man." 2020, "So Jehoiakim slept with his fathers: and Jehoiachin his son reigned in his stead." 2070, "Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah. These are the sons of Ishmael." 6820, "Kenan, Mahalaleel, Jered," 2810, "And the firepans, and the bowls, and such things as were of gold, in gold, and of silver, in silver, the captain of the guard took away." 1840, "Then said Saul to his armourbearer, Draw thy sword, and thrust me through therewith; lest these uncircumcised come and abuse me. But his armourbearer would not; for he was sore afraid. So Saul took a sword, and fell upon it." 283, "Glory and honour are in his presence; strength and gladness are in his place." 3170, "And the army of the Chaldees pursued after the king, and overtook him in the plains of Jericho: and all his army were scattered from him." 2000, "And on the other side of Jordan, of the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and of the half tribe of Manasseh, with all manner of instruments of war for the battle, an hundred and twenty thousand." 1840, "So they came up to Baalperazim; and David smote them there. Then David said, God hath broken in upon mine enemies by mine hand like the breaking forth of waters: therefore they called the name of that place Baalperazim." 204, "And eastward he inhabited unto the entering in of the wilderness from the river Euphrates: because their cattle were multiplied in the land of Gilead." 1520, "And Obadiah the son of Shemaiah, the son of Galal, the son of Jeduthun, and Berechiah the son of Asa, the son of Elkanah, that dwelt in the villages of the Netophathites." 1430, "And with them Heman and Jeduthun, and the rest that were chosen, who were expressed by name, to give thanks to the LORD, because his mercy endureth for ever;" 2950, "And when Samlah was dead, Shaul of Rehoboth by the river reigned in his stead." 2250, "And the sons of Beriah; Heber, and Malchiel, who is the father of Birzavith." 1580, "These were the potters, and those that dwelt among plants and hedges: there they dwelt with the king for his work." 2040, "Because thine heart was tender, and thou hast humbled thyself before the LORD, when thou heardest what I spake against this place, and against the inhabitants thereof, that they should become a desolation and a curse, and hast rent thy clothes, and wept before me; I also have heard thee, saith the LORD." 184, "And these are the sons of Aaron; Eleazar his son, Phinehas his son, Abishua his son," 1990, "Ishmerai also, and Jezliah, and Jobab, the sons of Elpaal;" 1260, "And Tamar his daughter in law bare him Pharez and Zerah. All the sons of Judah were five." 202, "And Abishua begat Bukki, and Bukki begat Uzzi," 1530, "But when he defied Israel, Jonathan the son of Shimea David's brother slew him." 1850, "And the porters were, Shallum, and Akkub, and Talmon, and Ahiman, and their brethren: Shallum was the chief;" 1280, "Go and tell David my servant, Thus saith the LORD, Thou shalt not build me an house to dwell in:" 2280, "Now the sons of Reuben the firstborn of Israel, (for he was the firstborn; but, forasmuch as he defiled his father's bed, his birthright was given unto the sons of Joseph the son of Israel: and the genealogy is not to be reckoned after the birthright." 2140, "And Jakim, and Zichri, and Zabdi," 1480, "And the city was broken up, and all the men of war fled by night by the way of the gate between two walls, which is by the king's garden: (now the Chaldees were against the city round about:) and the king went the way toward the plain." 184, "Now the Philistines fought against Israel; and the men of Israel fled from before the Philistines, and fell down slain in mount Gilboa." 2830, "The fifth, Shephatiah of Abital: the sixth, Ithream by Eglah his wife." 2390, "And say ye, Save us, O God of our salvation, and gather us together, and deliver us from the heathen, that we may give thanks to thy holy name, and glory in thy praise." 2980, "And the sons of his wife Hodiah the sister of Naham, the father of Keilah the Garmite, and Eshtemoa the Maachathite." 1480, "And the sons of Kohath; Amram, Izhar, and Hebron, and Uzziel." 3640, "And Hukok with her suburbs, and Rehob with her suburbs:" 1950, "The son of Mahli, the son of Mushi, the son of Merari, the son of Levi." 2900, "And they smote the rest of the Amalekites that were escaped, and dwelt there unto this day." 2820, "And the sons of Nadab; Seled, and Appaim: but Seled died without children." 1830, "And the LORD said, I will remove Judah also out of my sight, as I have removed Israel, and will cast off this city Jerusalem which I have chosen, and the house of which I said, My name shall be there." 193, "And Ahaz begat Jehoadah; and Jehoadah begat Alemeth, and Azmaveth, and Zimri; and Zimri begat Moza," 1450, "And they carried the ark of God in a new cart out of the house of Abinadab: and Uzza and Ahio drave the cart." 2100, "And when Baalhanan was dead, Hadad reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Pai; and his wife's name was Mehetabel, the daughter of Matred, the daughter of Mezahab." 2370, "And Pharaohnechoh put him in bands at Riblah in the land of Hamath, that he might not reign in Jerusalem; and put the land to a tribute of an hundred talents of silver, and a talent of gold." 195, "And some of the sons of the priests made the ointment of the spices." 1950, "And he defiled Topheth, which is in the valley of the children of Hinnom, that no man might make his son or his daughter to pass through the fire to Molech." 2220, "Go up to Hilkiah the high priest, that he may sum the silver which is brought into the house of the LORD, which the keepers of the door have gathered of the people:" 2250, "And out of the half tribe of Manasseh; Aner with her suburbs, and Bileam with her suburbs, for the family of the remnant of the sons of Kohath." 248, "And the sons of his brother Helem; Zophah, and Imna, and Shelesh, and Amal." 1500, "And there was war again with the Philistines; and Elhanan the son of Jair slew Lahmi the brother of Goliath the Gittite, whose spear staff was like a weaver's beam." 2360, "Adina the son of Shiza the Reubenite, a captain of the Reubenites, and thirty with him," 1970, "Wherefore Hanun took David's servants, and shaved them, and cut off their garments in the midst hard by their buttocks, and sent them away." 1450, "Meraioth begat Amariah, and Amariah begat Ahitub," 1570, "And the son of Jonathan was Meribbaal; and Meribbaal begat Micah." 1770, "And the sons of Zerah; Zimri, and Ethan, and Heman, and Calcol, and Dara: five of them in all." 1750, "And other of their brethren, of the sons of the Kohathites, were over the shewbread, to prepare it every sabbath." 1330, "The son of Ethni, the son of Zerah, the son of Adaiah," 2010, "And unto Eber were born two sons: the name of the one was Peleg; because in his days the earth was divided: and his brother's name was Joktan." 1770, "These also are the chief of the mighty men whom David had, who strengthened themselves with him in his kingdom, and with all Israel, to make him king, according to the word of the LORD concerning Israel." 265, "And Maachah the wife of Machir bare a son, and she called his name Peresh; and the name of his brother was Sheresh; and his sons were Ulam and Rakem." 1220, "Shuppim also, and Huppim, the children of Ir, and Hushim, the sons of Aher." 2150, "Moreover the altar that was at Bethel, and the high place which Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin, had made, both that altar and the high place he brake down, and burned the high place, and stamped it small to powder, and burned the grove." 209, "Jehoiachin was eighteen years old when he began to reign, and he reigned in Jerusalem three months. And his mother's name was Nehushta, the daughter of Elnathan of Jerusalem." 3310, "And in Jerusalem dwelt of the children of Judah, and of the children of Benjamin, and of the children of Ephraim, and Manasseh;" 1520, "And it came to pass, when the king had heard the words of the book of the law, that he rent his clothes." 4630, "And when the Syrians saw that they were put to the worse before Israel, they sent messengers, and drew forth the Syrians that were beyond the river: and Shophach the captain of the host of Hadarezer went before them." 220, "And the king of Babylon made Mattaniah his father's brother king in his stead, and changed his name to Zedekiah." 2930, "And the sons of Jerahmeel the firstborn of Hezron were, Ram the firstborn, and Bunah, and Oren, and Ozem, and Ahijah." 1580, "Zedekiah was twenty and one years old when he began to reign, and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Hamutal, the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah." 3430, "For through the anger of the LORD it came to pass in Jerusalem and Judah, until he had cast them out from his presence, that Zedekiah rebelled against the king of Babylon." 2480, "And this is the number of the mighty men whom David had; Jashobeam, an Hachmonite, the chief of the captains: he lifted up his spear against three hundred slain by him at one time." 246, "All these the sons of Jediael, by the heads of their fathers, mighty men of valour, were seventeen thousand and two hundred soldiers, fit to go out for war and battle." 2190, "And Azariah begat Seraiah, and Seraiah begat Jehozadak," 1470, "Tahath his son, Uriel his son, Uzziah his son, and Shaul his son." 1990, "And Mikloth begat Shimeah. And these also dwelt with their brethren in Jerusalem, over against them." 1600, "And the sons of Jehaleleel; Ziph, and Ziphah, Tiria, and Asareel." 1310, "Nevertheless the priests of the high places came not up to the altar of the LORD in Jerusalem, but they did eat of the unleavened bread among their brethren." 2740, "Now the first inhabitants that dwelt in their possessions in their cities were, the Israelites, the priests, Levites, and the Nethinims." 1630, "And the sons of Micah were, Pithon, and Melech, and Tarea, and Ahaz." 1110, "The sons of Pharez; Hezron, and Hamul." 3900, "And he brought all the priests out of the cities of Judah, and defiled the high places where the priests had burned incense, from Geba to Beersheba, and brake down the high places of the gates that were in the entering in of the gate of Joshua the governor of the city, which were on a man's left hand at the gate of the city." 180, "And he put garrisons in Edom; and all the Edomites became David's servants. Thus the LORD preserved David whithersoever he went." 2320, "And the sons of Jada the brother of Shammai; Jether, and Jonathan: and Jether died without children." 1690, "And Shallum the son of Kore, the son of Ebiasaph, the son of Korah, and his brethren, of the house of his father, the Korahites, were over the work of the service, keepers of the gates of the tabernacle: and their fathers, being over the host of the LORD, were keepers of the entry." 194, "Unto the sons of Gershom were given out of the family of the half tribe of Manasseh, Golan in Bashan with her suburbs, and Ashtaroth with her suburbs:" 2030, "And Obededom with their brethren, threescore and eight; Obededom also the son of Jeduthun and Hosah to be porters:" 241, "He sent Hadoram his son to king David, to enquire of his welfare, and to congratulate him, because he had fought against Hadarezer, and smitten him; (for Hadarezer had war with Tou;) and with him all manner of vessels of gold and silver and brass." 196, "Hezro the Carmelite, Naarai the son of Ezbai," 1940, "And what one nation in the earth is like thy people Israel, whom God went to redeem to be his own people, to make thee a name of greatness and terribleness, by driving out nations from before thy people, whom thou hast redeemed out of Egypt?" 268, "And these be the names of the sons of Gershom; Libni, and Shimei." 1840, "Blessed be the LORD God of Israel for ever and ever. And all the people said, Amen, and praised the LORD." 2320, "I will be his father, and he shall be my son: and I will not take my mercy away from him, as I took it from him that was before thee:" 2510, "Glory ye in his holy name: let the heart of them rejoice that seek the LORD." 5780, "And Segub begat Jair, who had three and twenty cities in the land of Gilead." 1570, "Then Nathan said unto David, Do all that is in thine heart; for God is with thee." 1950, "And it came to pass after this, that there arose war at Gezer with the Philistines; at which time Sibbechai the Hushathite slew Sippai, that was of the children of the giant: and they were subdued." 1820, "And when the children of Ammon saw that the Syrians were fled, they likewise fled before Abishai his brother, and entered into the city. Then Joab came to Jerusalem." 1920, "And Elienai, and Zilthai, and Eliel," 1390, "And they gave them Hebron in the land of Judah, and the suburbs thereof round about it." 246, "And it shall come to pass, when thy days be expired that thou must go to be with thy fathers, that I will raise up thy seed after thee, which shall be of thy sons; and I will establish his kingdom." 333, "Fear before him, all the earth: the world also shall be stable, that it be not moved." 2580, "Adam, Sheth, Enosh," 3460, "And when Jobab was dead, Husham of the land of the Temanites reigned in his stead." 2280, "So Hilkiah the priest, and Ahikam, and Achbor, and Shaphan, and Asahiah, went unto Huldah the prophetess, the wife of Shallum the son of Tikvah, the son of Harhas, keeper of the wardrobe; (now she dwelt in Jerusalem in the college;) and they communed with her." 258, "Uriah the Hittite, Zabad the son of Ahlai," 2650, "And when David had made an end of offering the burnt offerings and the peace offerings, he blessed the people in the name of the LORD." 1850, "These were all the sons of David, beside the sons of the concubines, and Tamar their sister." 2180, "Joah his son, Iddo his son, Zerah his son, Jeaterai his son." 1490, "Saying, Unto thee will I give the land of Canaan, the lot of your inheritance;" 5450, "And the name of the wife of Abishur was Abihail, and she bare him Ahban, and Molid." 2280, "And Canaan begat Zidon his firstborn, and Heth," 2950, "And Ebal, and Abimael, and Sheba," 3000, "Now therefore let it please thee to bless the house of thy servant, that it may be before thee for ever: for thou blessest, O LORD, and it shall be blessed for ever." 1300, "But Levi and Benjamin counted he not among them: for the king's word was abominable to Joab." 2270, "The son of Zuph, the son of Elkanah, the son of Mahath, the son of Amasai," 2370, "And their brethren among all the families of Issachar were valiant men of might, reckoned in all by their genealogies fourscore and seven thousand." 2210, "But the Syrians fled before Israel; and David slew of the Syrians seven thousand men which fought in chariots, and forty thousand footmen, and killed Shophach the captain of the host." 1900, "Now these are their dwelling places throughout their castles in their coasts, of the sons of Aaron, of the families of the Kohathites: for theirs was the lot." 243, "The sons of Hashem the Gizonite, Jonathan the son of Shage the Hararite," 1320, "Amon his son, Josiah his son." 3230, "So David waxed greater and greater: for the LORD of hosts was with him." 2150, "And the sons of Lotan; Hori, and Homam: and Timna was Lotan's sister." 2690, "And David perceived that the LORD had confirmed him king over Israel, for his kingdom was lifted up on high, because of his people Israel." 2290, "So all Israel were reckoned by genealogies; and, behold, they were written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah, who were carried away to Babylon for their transgression." 2090, "When ye were but few, even a few, and strangers in it." 1840, "Moreover they that were nigh them, even unto Issachar and Zebulun and Naphtali, brought bread on asses, and on camels, and on mules, and on oxen, and meat, meal, cakes of figs, and bunches of raisins, and wine, and oil, and oxen, and sheep abundantly: for there was joy in Israel." 162, "But Aaron and his sons offered upon the altar of the burnt offering, and on the altar of incense, and were appointed for all the work of the place most holy, and to make an atonement for Israel, according to all that Moses the servant of God had commanded." 193, "The son of Ethan, the son of Zimmah, the son of Shimei," 2020, "These were the sons of Caleb the son of Hur, the firstborn of Ephratah; Shobal the father of Kirjathjearim," 1530, "All these were reckoned by genealogies in the days of Jotham king of Judah, and in the days of Jeroboam king of Israel." 2250, "And David was clothed with a robe of fine linen, and all the Levites that bare the ark, and the singers, and Chenaniah the master of the song with the singers: David also had upon him an ephod of linen." 266, "The two pillars, one sea, and the bases which Solomon had made for the house of the LORD; the brass of all these vessels was without weight." 1590, "Eleazar begat Phinehas, Phinehas begat Abishua," 1400, "And all their villages that were round about the same cities, unto Baal. These were their habitations, and their genealogy." 1330, "And the sons of Caleb the son of Jephunneh; Iru, Elah, and Naam: and the sons of Elah, even Kenaz." 4270, "Now therefore thus shalt thou say unto my servant David, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, I took thee from the sheepcote, even from following the sheep, that thou shouldest be ruler over my people Israel:" 246, "And the sons of Micah were, Pithon, and Melech, and Tahrea, and Ahaz." 1210, "And David was then in the hold, and the Philistines' garrison was then at Bethlehem." 2890, "Hanan the son of Maachah, and Joshaphat the Mithnite," 1530, "And Heber begat Japhlet, and Shomer, and Hotham, and Shua their sister." 1710, "At that time the servants of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up against Jerusalem, and the city was besieged." 2460, "And Shallum begat Jekamiah, and Jekamiah begat Elishama." 1720, "And the son of Jonathan was Meribbaal: and Meribbaal begat Micah." 1770, "And he forsook the LORD God of his fathers, and walked not in the way of the LORD." 1520, "And David enquired of God, saying, Shall I go up against the Philistines? and wilt thou deliver them into mine hand? And the LORD said unto him, Go up; for I will deliver them into thine hand." 246, "And the sons of Josiah were, the firstborn Johanan, the second Jehoiakim, the third Zedekiah, the fourth Shallum." 2630, "And the sons of Carmi; Achar, the troubler of Israel, who transgressed in the thing accursed." 1920, "O LORD, there is none like thee, neither is there any God beside thee, according to all that we have heard with our ears." 3080, "The children of Judah that bare shield and spear were six thousand and eight hundred, ready armed to the war." 1480, "And the sons of Becher; Zemira, and Joash, and Eliezer, and Elioenai, and Omri, and Jerimoth, and Abiah, and Anathoth, and Alameth. All these are the sons of Becher." 1710, "And the residue of the families of the sons of Kohath had cities of their coasts out of the tribe of Ephraim." 1660, "And the LORD spake unto Gad, David's seer, saying," 1580, "And the rest of the people he delivered unto the hand of Abishai his brother, and they set themselves in array against the children of Ammon." 1360, "And the ark of God remained with the family of Obededom in his house three months. And the LORD blessed the house of Obededom, and all that he had." 2890, "Beerah his son, whom Tilgathpilneser king of Assyria carried away captive: he was prince of the Reubenites." 236, "So they hired thirty and two thousand chariots, and the king of Maachah and his people; who came and pitched before Medeba. And the children of Ammon gathered themselves together from their cities, and came to battle." 248, "And he slew all the priests of the high places that were there upon the altars, and burned men's bones upon them, and returned to Jerusalem." 2200, "Joel the chief, and Shapham the next, and Jaanai, and Shaphat in Bashan." 1850, "And Jehoiakim gave the silver and the gold to Pharaoh; but he taxed the land to give the money according to the commandment of Pharaoh: he exacted the silver and the gold of the people of the land, of every one according to his taxation, to give it unto Pharaohnechoh." 153, "The son of Izhar, the son of Kohath, the son of Levi, the son of Israel." 150, "He was with David at Pasdammim, and there the Philistines were gathered together to battle, where was a parcel of ground full of barley; and the people fled from before the Philistines." 245, "Be ye mindful always of his covenant; the word which he commanded to a thousand generations;" 3610, "Eber, Peleg, Reu," 14700, "And when all the captains of the armies, they and their men, heard that the king of Babylon had made Gedaliah governor, there came to Gedaliah to Mizpah, even Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and Johanan the son of Careah, and Seraiah the son of Tanhumeth the Netophathite, and Jaazaniah the son of a Maachathite, they and their men." 154, "And Jaresiah, and Eliah, and Zichri, the sons of Jeroham." 1410, "And the king went up into the house of the LORD, and all the men of Judah and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem with him, and the priests, and the prophets, and all the people, both small and great: and he read in their ears all the words of the book of the covenant which was found in the house of the LORD." 194, "And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his father had done." 3430, "And Joel, and Jehu the son of Josibiah, the son of Seraiah, the son of Asiel," 1600, "And David said, Whosoever smiteth the Jebusites first shall be chief and captain. So Joab the son of Zeruiah went first up, and was chief." 1990, "Seek the LORD and his strength, seek his face continually." 9220, "The sons of Reuel; Nahath, Zerah, Shammah, and Mizzah." 3840, "Now these are the kings that reigned in the land of Edom before any king reigned over the children of Israel; Bela the son of Beor: and the name of his city was Dinhabah." 2210, "And he spake kindly to him, and set his throne above the throne of the kings that were with him in Babylon;" 1850, "Eliab his son, Jeroham his son, Elkanah his son." 1960, "The sons of Judah; Er, and Onan, and Shelah: which three were born unto him of the daughter of Shua the Canaanitess. And Er, the firstborn of Judah, was evil in the sight of the LORD; and he slew him." 212, "So the LORD sent pestilence upon Israel: and there fell of Israel seventy thousand men." 2390, "And the altars that were on the top of the upper chamber of Ahaz, which the kings of Judah had made, and the altars which Manasseh had made in the two courts of the house of the LORD, did the king beat down, and brake them down from thence, and cast the dust of them into the brook Kidron." 171, "And there fell some of Manasseh to David, when he came with the Philistines against Saul to battle: but they helped them not: for the lords of the Philistines upon advisement sent him away, saying, He will fall to his master Saul to the jeopardy of our heads." 183, "The sons of Anah; Dishon. And the sons of Dishon; Amram, and Eshban, and Ithran, and Cheran." 2570, "And Pharaohnechoh made Eliakim the son of Josiah king in the room of Josiah his father, and turned his name to Jehoiakim, and took Jehoahaz away: and he came to Egypt, and died there." 219, "And the children of Israel gave to the Levites these cities with their suburbs." 237, "The sons of Merari; Mahli, Libni his son, Shimei his son, Uzza his son," 1580, "Of the sons of Kohath; Uriel the chief, and his brethren an hundred and twenty:" 1620, "And of the Danites expert in war twenty and eight thousand and six hundred." 1510, "And Gedor, and Ahio, and Zechariah, and Mikloth." 1490, "And Ibhar, and Elishua, and Elpalet," 1770, "And out of the tribe of Naphtali; Kedesh in Galilee with her suburbs, and Hammon with her suburbs, and Kirjathaim with her suburbs." 240, "The sons also of Jediael; Bilhan: and the sons of Bilhan; Jeush, and Benjamin, and Ehud, and Chenaanah, and Zethan, and Tharshish, and Ahishahar." 1970, "And he brake in pieces the images, and cut down the groves, and filled their places with the bones of men." 2500, "Therefore now, LORD, let the thing that thou hast spoken concerning thy servant and concerning his house be established for ever, and do as thou hast said." 1380, "And it came to pass, that after the year was expired, at the time that kings go out to battle, Joab led forth the power of the army, and wasted the country of the children of Ammon, and came and besieged Rabbah. But David tarried at Jerusalem. And Joab smote Rabbah, and destroyed it." 226, "And their brethren, which were in their villages, were to come after seven days from time to time with them." 1410, "And David took more wives at Jerusalem: and David begat more sons and daughters." 2300, "And these were born unto him in Jerusalem; Shimea, and Shobab, and Nathan, and Solomon, four, of Bathshua the daughter of Ammiel:" 2980, "Asaph the chief, and next to him Zechariah, Jeiel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehiel, and Mattithiah, and Eliab, and Benaiah, and Obededom: and Jeiel with psalteries and with harps; but Asaph made a sound with cymbals;" 188, "Nevertheless the king's word prevailed against Joab. Wherefore Joab departed, and went throughout all Israel, and came to Jerusalem." 1940, "And God was displeased with this thing; therefore he smote Israel." 2280, "And these are they that waited with their children. Of the sons of the Kohathites: Heman a singer, the son of Joel, the son of Shemuel," 1960, "These mentioned by their names were princes in their families: and the house of their fathers increased greatly." 1940, "And Chelub the brother of Shuah begat Mehir, which was the father of Eshton." 1740, "And David was displeased, because the LORD had made a breach upon Uzza: wherefore that place is called Perezuzza to this day." 1920, "And as Josiah turned himself, he spied the sepulchres that were there in the mount, and sent, and took the bones out of the sepulchres, and burned them upon the altar, and polluted it, according to the word of the LORD which the man of God proclaimed, who proclaimed these words." 187, "And these are they whom David set over the service of song in the house of the LORD, after that the ark had rest." 2390, "To offer burnt offerings unto the LORD upon the altar of the burnt offering continually morning and evening, and to do according to all that is written in the law of the LORD, which he commanded Israel;" 3450, "Now it came to pass, as David sat in his house, that David said to Nathan the prophet, Lo, I dwell in an house of cedars, but the ark of the covenant of the LORD remaineth under curtains." 18700, "Now these are the names of his children which he had in Jerusalem; Shammua, and Shobab, Nathan, and Solomon," 1600, "Therefore David enquired again of God; and God said unto him, Go not up after them; turn away from them, and come upon them over against the mulberry trees." 1950, "And Shamsherai, and Shehariah, and Athaliah," 1480, "Give thanks unto the LORD, call upon his name, make known his deeds among the people." 8940, "And the sons of Kenaz; Othniel, and Seraiah: and the sons of Othniel; Hathath." 1730, "And David gathered all Israel together to Jerusalem, to bring up the ark of the LORD unto his place, which he had prepared for it." 1610, "Salma the father of Bethlehem, Hareph the father of Bethgader." 2060, "And of the Levites; Shemaiah the son of Hasshub, the son of Azrikam, the son of Hashabiah, of the sons of Merari;" 1700, "And David took from him a thousand chariots, and seven thousand horsemen, and twenty thousand footmen: David also houghed all the chariot horses, but reserved of them an hundred chariots." 260, "And Jehozadak went into captivity, when the LORD carried away Judah and Jerusalem by the hand of Nebuchadnezzar." 1450, "And the king of Babylon smote them, and slew them at Riblah in the land of Hamath. So Judah was carried away out of their land." 2040, "And David consulted with the captains of thousands and hundreds, and with every leader." 1560, "And some of them, even of the sons of Simeon, five hundred men, went to mount Seir, having for their captains Pelatiah, and Neariah, and Rephaiah, and Uzziel, the sons of Ishi." 2300, "They arose, all the valiant men, and took away the body of Saul, and the bodies of his sons, and brought them to Jabesh, and buried their bones under the oak in Jabesh, and fasted seven days." 3940, "And he burnt the house of the LORD, and the king's house, and all the houses of Jerusalem, and every great man's house burnt he with fire." 2220, "And Ner begat Kish, and Kish begat Saul, and Saul begat Jonathan, and Malchishua, and Abinadab, and Eshbaal." 2410, "Now these were the sons of David, which were born unto him in Hebron; the firstborn Amnon, of Ahinoam the Jezreelitess; the second Daniel, of Abigail the Carmelitess:" 2960, "Bukki his son, Uzzi his son, Zerahiah his son," 2150, "For I have not dwelt in an house since the day that I brought up Israel unto this day; but have gone from tent to tent, and from one tabernacle to another." 1570, "And Johanan begat Azariah, (he it is that executed the priest's office in the temple that Solomon built in Jerusalem:)" 1920, "And in Gibeon dwelt the father of Gibeon, Jehiel, whose wife's name was Maachah:" 1520, "And by the borders of the children of Manasseh, Bethshean and her towns, Taanach and her towns, Megiddo and her towns, Dor and her towns. In these dwelt the children of Joseph the son of Israel." 216, "And these are the singers, chief of the fathers of the Levites, who remaining in the chambers were free: for they were employed in that work day and night." 1730, "Serug, Nahor, Terah," 10800, "Thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will bring evil upon this place, and upon the inhabitants thereof, even all the words of the book which the king of Judah hath read:" 2070, "And the families of Kirjathjearim; the Ithrites, and the Puhites, and the Shumathites, and the Mishraites; of them came the Zareathites, and the Eshtaulites." 218, "And Berechiah and Elkanah were doorkeepers for the ark." 1740, "And on the ninth day of the fourth month the famine prevailed in the city, and there was no bread for the people of the land." 2450, "And at Bilhah, and at Ezem, and at Tolad," 1320, "But I will settle him in mine house and in my kingdom for ever: and his throne shall be established for evermore." 1910, "Hadoram also, and Uzal, and Diklah," 2860, "And the sons of Shemida were, Ahian, and Shechem, and Likhi, and Aniam." 193, "Even of the covenant which he made with Abraham, and of his oath unto Isaac;" 3310, "The sons of Shelah the son of Judah were, Er the father of Lecah, and Laadah the father of Mareshah, and the families of the house of them that wrought fine linen, of the house of Ashbea," 1660, "And said, My God forbid it me, that I should do this thing: shall I drink the blood of these men that have put their lives in jeopardy? for with the jeopardy of their lives they brought it. Therefore he would not drink it. These things did these three mightiest." 205, "Now when Tou king of Hamath heard how David had smitten all the host of Hadarezer king of Zobah;" 1740, "Meraioth his son, Amariah his son, Ahitub his son," 2070, "And Nahshon begat Salma, and Salma begat Boaz," 2390, "And to the sons of Aaron they gave the cities of Judah, namely, Hebron, the city of refuge, and Libnah with her suburbs, and Jattir, and Eshtemoa, with their suburbs," 250, "And certain of them had the charge of the ministering vessels, that they should bring them in and out by tale." 1340, "And afterward Hezron went in to the daughter of Machir the father of Gilead, whom he married when he was threescore years old; and she bare him Segub." 1490, "Go ye, enquire of the LORD for me, and for the people, and for all Judah, concerning the words of this book that is found: for great is the wrath of the LORD that is kindled against us, because our fathers have not hearkened unto the words of this book, to do according unto all that which is written concerning us." 219, "And the Arvadite, and the Zemarite, and the Hamathite." 5710, "For because ye did it not at the first, the LORD our God made a breach upon us, for that we sought him not after the due order." 1690, "And he smote Moab; and the Moabites became David's servants, and brought gifts." 2290, "And Nogah, and Nepheg, and Japhia," 2100, "And the sons of Samuel; the firstborn Vashni, and Abiah." 2270, "So David reigned over all Israel, and executed judgment and justice among all his people." 2280, "And David and all Israel played before God with all their might, and with singing, and with harps, and with psalteries, and with timbrels, and with cymbals, and with trumpets." 3180, "(And his daughter was Sherah, who built Bethhoron the nether, and the upper, and Uzzensherah.)" 246, "And Bakbakkar, Heresh, and Galal, and Mattaniah the son of Micah, the son of Zichri, the son of Asaph;" 1500, "And the sons of Neariah; Elioenai, and Hezekiah, and Azrikam, three." 1590, "And Abraham begat Isaac. The sons of Isaac; Esau and Israel." 3090, "Mishmannah the fourth, Jeremiah the fifth," 1590, "And they dwelt at Beersheba, and Moladah, and Hazarshual," 228, "Jeremiah the tenth, Machbanai the eleventh." 1520, "And changed his prison garments: and he did eat bread continually before him all the days of his life." 1620, "And the three brake through the host of the Philistines, and drew water out of the well of Bethlehem, that was by the gate, and took it, and brought it to David: but David would not drink of it, but poured it out to the LORD," 200, "Malchiram also, and Pedaiah, and Shenazar, Jecamiah, Hoshama, and Nedabiah." 2650, "The sons of Merari; Mahli, and Mushi. And these are the families of the Levites according to their fathers." 2470, "And there came of the children of Benjamin and Judah to the hold unto David." 1370, "She bare also Shaaph the father of Madmannah, Sheva the father of Machbenah, and the father of Gibea: and the daughter of Caleb was Achsah." 112, "But the captain of the guard left of the poor of the land to be vinedressers and husbandmen." 2200, "And Zebadiah, and Arad, and Ader," 1570, "And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Uzza, and he smote him, because he put his hand to the ark: and there he died before God." 2110, "And the sons of Eshek his brother were, Ulam his firstborn, Jehush the second, and Eliphelet the third." 1280, "Ahi the son of Abdiel, the son of Guni, chief of the house of their fathers." 3050, "And Zadok, a young man mighty of valour, and of his father's house twenty and two captains." 240, "Either three years' famine; or three months to be destroyed before thy foes, while that the sword of thine enemies overtaketh thee; or else three days the sword of the LORD, even the pestilence, in the land, and the angel of the LORD destroying throughout all the coasts of Israel. Now therefore advise thyself what word I shall bring again to him that sent me." 2320, "Zadok his son, Ahimaaz his son." 2080, "Then all Israel gathered themselves to David unto Hebron, saying, Behold, we are thy bone and thy flesh." 1800, "And of the priests; Jedaiah, and Jehoiarib, and Jachin," 1550, "And the son of Shammai was Maon: and Maon was the father of Bethzur." 230, "And Ishpan, and Heber, and Eliel," 1500, "And Ashur the father of Tekoa had two wives, Helah and Naarah." 2250, "So he left there before the ark of the covenant of the LORD Asaph and his brethren, to minister before the ark continually, as every day's work required:" 2810, "And they gave unto them, of the cities of refuge, Shechem in mount Ephraim with her suburbs; they gave also Gezer with her suburbs," 245, "And Zechariah, and Aziel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehiel, and Unni, and Eliab, and Maaseiah, and Benaiah, with psalteries on Alamoth;" 1930, "And they ministered before the dwelling place of the tabernacle of the congregation with singing, until Solomon had built the house of the LORD in Jerusalem: and then they waited on their office according to their order." 243, "And Abishua, and Naaman, and Ahoah," 1920, "And when Hadad was dead, Samlah of Masrekah reigned in his stead." 2600, "And Reaiah the son of Shobal begat Jahath; and Jahath begat Ahumai, and Lahad. These are the families of the Zorathites." 1470, "And he carried out thence all the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king's house, and cut in pieces all the vessels of gold which Solomon king of Israel had made in the temple of the LORD, as the LORD had said." 272, "Bezer, and Hod, and Shamma, and Shilshah, and Ithran, and Beera." 1450, "Nohah the fourth, and Rapha the fifth." 1910, "And the sons of Ethan; Azariah." 1760, "And Azariah the son of Hilkiah, the son of Meshullam, the son of Zadok, the son of Meraioth, the son of Ahitub, the ruler of the house of God;" 1850, "And when the Philistines heard that David was anointed king over all Israel, all the Philistines went up to seek David. And David heard of it, and went out against them." 2360, "And Ashan with her suburbs, and Bethshemesh with her suburbs:" 213, "The son of Michael, the son of Baaseiah, the son of Malchiah," 2490, "And of Naphtali a thousand captains, and with them with shield and spear thirty and seven thousand." 1750, "Behold therefore, I will gather thee unto thy fathers, and thou shalt be gathered into thy grave in peace; and thine eyes shall not see all the evil which I will bring upon this place. And they brought the king word again." 243, "And Azariah begat Amariah, and Amariah begat Ahitub," 1760, "Now Benjamin begat Bela his firstborn, Ashbel the second, and Aharah the third," 1750, "Saying, Touch not mine anointed, and do my prophets no harm." 6160, "And Caleb the son of Hezron begat children of Azubah his wife, and of Jerioth: her sons are these; Jesher, and Shobab, and Ardon." 1630, "Benaiah also and Jahaziel the priests with trumpets continually before the ark of the covenant of God." 3820, "And Hilen with her suburbs, Debir with her suburbs," 250, "And the sons of Jonathan; Peleth, and Zaza. These were the sons of Jerahmeel." 1770, "And Rephah was his son, also Resheph, and Telah his son, and Tahan his son," 1520, "Now the rest of the people that were left in the city, and the fugitives that fell away to the king of Babylon, with the remnant of the multitude, did Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carry away." 251, "And he was buried in his sepulchre in the garden of Uzza: and Josiah his son reigned in his stead." 2040, "Jediael the son of Shimri, and Joha his brother, the Tizite," 1930, "And Mattithiah, and Elipheleh, and Mikneiah, and Obededom, and Jeiel, and Azaziah, with harps on the Sheminith to excel." 1980, "And the number of them, after their genealogy by their generations, heads of the house of their fathers, mighty men of valour, was twenty thousand and two hundred." 240, "And Arphaxad begat Shelah, and Shelah begat Eber." 2250, "And Joab gave the sum of the number of the people unto David. And all they of Israel were a thousand thousand and an hundred thousand men that drew sword: and Judah was four hundred threescore and ten thousand men that drew sword." 310, "Let the heavens be glad, and let the earth rejoice: and let men say among the nations, The LORD reigneth." 2420, "And when the servants of Hadarezer saw that they were put to the worse before Israel, they made peace with David, and became his servants: neither would the Syrians help the children of Ammon any more." 1510, "And David went up, and all Israel, to Baalah, that is, to Kirjathjearim, which belonged to Judah, to bring up thence the ark of God the LORD, that dwelleth between the cherubims, whose name is called on it." 247, "And of the children of Issachar, which were men that had understanding of the times, to know what Israel ought to do; the heads of them were two hundred; and all their brethren were at their commandment." 471, "And enquired not of the LORD: therefore he slew him, and turned the kingdom unto David the son of Jesse." 1620, "And they found fat pasture and good, and the land was wide, and quiet, and peaceable; for they of Ham had dwelt there of old." 1740, "Behold, he was honourable among the thirty, but attained not to the first three: and David set him over his guard." 250, "And there they were with David three days, eating and drinking: for their brethren had prepared for them." 1830, "And when all the men of Israel that were in the valley saw that they fled, and that Saul and his sons were dead, then they forsook their cities, and fled: and the Philistines came and dwelt in them." 273, "So the priests and the Levites sanctified themselves to bring up the ark of the LORD God of Israel." 2780, "And said unto them, Ye are the chief of the fathers of the Levites: sanctify yourselves, both ye and your brethren, that ye may bring up the ark of the LORD God of Israel unto the place that I have prepared for it." 302, "Of Gershom; Libni his son, Jahath his son, Zimmah his son," 1720, "And Mikloth begat Shimeam. And they also dwelt with their brethren at Jerusalem, over against their brethren." 245, "Unto the sons of Merari were given by lot, throughout their families, out of the tribe of Reuben, and out of the tribe of Gad, and out of the tribe of Zebulun, twelve cities." 244, "And Ahaz begat Jarah; and Jarah begat Alemeth, and Azmaveth, and Zimri; and Zimri begat Moza;" 1620, "Ozem the sixth, David the seventh:" 2130, "Of the sons of Elizaphan; Shemaiah the chief, and his brethren two hundred:" 1720, "Now three of the thirty captains went down to the rock to David, into the cave of Adullam; and the host of the Philistines encamped in the valley of Rephaim." 2230, "These are the sons of Israel; Reuben, Simeon, Levi, and Judah, Issachar, and Zebulun," 2970, "And Shaharaim begat children in the country of Moab, after he had sent them away; Hushim and Baara were his wives." 1410, "And his firstborn son Abdon, and Zur, and Kish, and Baal, and Nadab," 1540, "He is the LORD our God; his judgments are in all the earth." 15900, "Johanan the eighth, Elzabad the ninth," 1700, "For thy people Israel didst thou make thine own people for ever; and thou, LORD, becamest their God." 1460, "And Jesse begat his firstborn Eliab, and Abinadab the second, and Shimma the third," 1830, "Shem, Arphaxad, Shelah," 2720, "Likewise from Tibhath, and from Chun, cities of Hadarezer, brought David very much brass, wherewith Solomon made the brasen sea, and the pillars, and the vessels of brass." 236, "The sons of Joel; Shemaiah his son, Gog his son, Shimei his son," 2270, "So Saul died for his transgression which he committed against the LORD, even against the word of the LORD, which he kept not, and also for asking counsel of one that had a familiar spirit, to enquire of it;" 276, "And when the children of Ammon saw that they had made themselves odious to David, Hanun and the children of Ammon sent a thousand talents of silver to hire them chariots and horsemen out of Mesopotamia, and out of Syriamaachah, and out of Zobah." 189, "Micah his son, Reaia his son, Baal his son," 1500, "And the sons of Hebron; Korah, and Tappuah, and Rekem, and Shema." 1860, "The son of Hashabiah, the son of Amaziah, the son of Hilkiah," 2040, "Elkanah, and Jesiah, and Azareel, and Joezer, and Jashobeam, the Korhites," 1340, "Notwithstanding the LORD turned not from the fierceness of his great wrath, wherewith his anger was kindled against Judah, because of all the provocations that Manasseh had provoked him withal." 255, "And he dealt to every one of Israel, both man and woman, to every one a loaf of bread, and a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of wine." 2140, "And David assembled the children of Aaron, and the Levites:" 2260, "And Chenaniah, chief of the Levites, was for song: he instructed about the song, because he was skilful." 2140, "And Michael, and Ispah, and Joha, the sons of Beriah;" 1360, "And Jokim, and the men of Chozeba, and Joash, and Saraph, who had the dominion in Moab, and Jashubilehem. And these are ancient things." 231, "The third, Absalom the son of Maachah the daughter of Talmai king of Geshur: the fourth, Adonijah the son of Haggith:" 2250, "So David gathered all Israel together, from Shihor of Egypt even unto the entering of Hemath, to bring the ark of God from Kirjathjearim." 1680, "And it shall be, when thou shalt hear a sound of going in the tops of the mulberry trees, that then thou shalt go out to battle: for God is gone forth before thee to smite the host of the Philistines." 253, "They were armed with bows, and could use both the right hand and the left in hurling stones and shooting arrows out of a bow, even of Saul's brethren of Benjamin." 1940, "And to the sons of Gershom throughout their families out of the tribe of Issachar, and out of the tribe of Asher, and out of the tribe of Naphtali, and out of the tribe of Manasseh in Bashan, thirteen cities." 177, "And David and all Israel went to Jerusalem, which is Jebus; where the Jebusites were, the inhabitants of the land." 1950, "Non his son, Jehoshua his son." 174, "And it was told David; and he gathered all Israel, and passed over Jordan, and came upon them, and set the battle in array against them. So when David had put the battle in array against the Syrians, they fought with him." 225, "And they helped David against the band of the rovers: for they were all mighty men of valour, and were captains in the host." 224, "And the battle went sore against Saul, and the archers hit him, and he was wounded of the archers." 1530, "And Joab answered, The LORD make his people an hundred times so many more as they be: but, my lord the king, are they not all my lord's servants? why then doth my lord require this thing? why will he be a cause of trespass to Israel?" 212, "So Joab and the people that were with him drew nigh before the Syrians unto the battle; and they fled before him." 1310, "And their brethren of the house of their fathers were, Michael, and Meshullam, and Sheba, and Jorai, and Jachan, and Zia, and Heber, seven." 1720, "And Shobal the father of Kirjathjearim had sons; Haroeh, and half of the Manahethites." 221, "And the sons of Jeconiah; Assir, Salathiel his son," 2500, "And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his fathers had done." 2300, "And Attai begat Nathan, and Nathan begat Zabad," 2010, "But to the king of Judah which sent you to enquire of the LORD, thus shall ye say to him, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, As touching the words which thou hast heard;" 2060, "And Jehoiada was the leader of the Aaronites, and with him were three thousand and seven hundred;" 1530, "And Meonothai begat Ophrah: and Seraiah begat Joab, the father of the valley of Charashim; for they were craftsmen." 1380, "And Elishama, and Eliada, and Eliphelet, nine." 2220, "And Zabad his son, and Shuthelah his son, and Ezer, and Elead, whom the men of Gath that were born in that land slew, because they came down to take away their cattle." 1450, "And now, LORD, thou art God, and hast promised this goodness unto thy servant:" 1530, "But the princes of the children of Ammon said to Hanun, Thinkest thou that David doth honour thy father, that he hath sent comforters unto thee? are not his servants come unto thee for to search, and to overthrow, and to spy out the land?" 192, "And the sons of Ulam were mighty men of valour, archers, and had many sons, and sons' sons, an hundred and fifty. All these are of the sons of Benjamin." 1450, "And these are the sons of Ehud: these are the heads of the fathers of the inhabitants of Geba, and they removed them to Manahath:" 1260, "Sing unto the LORD, all the earth; shew forth from day to day his salvation." 3530, "The sons of Asher; Imnah, and Isuah, and Ishuai, and Beriah, and Serah their sister." 1420, "And in the fifth month, on the seventh day of the month, which is the nineteenth year of king Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, came Nebuzaradan, captain of the guard, a servant of the king of Babylon, unto Jerusalem:" 3540, "And Machir took to wife the sister of Huppim and Shuppim, whose sister's name was Maachah;) and the name of the second was Zelophehad: and Zelophehad had daughters." 1460, "And Joelah, and Zebadiah, the sons of Jeroham of Gedor." 1780, "Jehoiakim was twenty and five years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Zebudah, the daughter of Pedaiah of Rumah." 2210, "And David said to Joab and to the rulers of the people, Go, number Israel from Beersheba even to Dan; and bring the number of them to me, that I may know it." 1980, "And Ephraim their father mourned many days, and his brethren came to comfort him." 1850, "Ira the son of Ikkesh the Tekoite, Abiezer the Antothite," 236, "The chief was Ahiezer, then Joash, the sons of Shemaah the Gibeathite; and Jeziel, and Pelet, the sons of Azmaveth; and Berachah, and Jehu the Antothite," 1480, "And the sons of Uzzi; Izrahiah: and the sons of Izrahiah; Michael, and Obadiah, and Joel, Ishiah, five: all of them chief men." 1490, "These are the children of Abihail the son of Huri, the son of Jaroah, the son of Gilead, the son of Michael, the son of Jeshishai, the son of Jahdo, the son of Buz;" 1930, "Because they have forsaken me, and have burned incense unto other gods, that they might provoke me to anger with all the works of their hands; therefore my wrath shall be kindled against this place, and shall not be quenched." 230, "And hath confirmed the same to Jacob for a law, and to Israel for an everlasting covenant," 3240, "Thus all Israel brought up the ark of the covenant of the LORD with shouting, and with sound of the cornet, and with trumpets, and with cymbals, making a noise with psalteries and harps." 2540, "The sons of Benjamin; Bela, and Becher, and Jediael, three." 1900, "For these Levites, the four chief porters, were in their set office, and were over the chambers and treasuries of the house of God." 1290, "Azmaveth the Baharumite, Eliahba the Shaalbonite," 2320, "And David made him houses in the city of David, and prepared a place for the ark of God, and pitched for it a tent." 2030, "And with them, by their generations, after the house of their fathers, were bands of soldiers for war, six and thirty thousand men: for they had many wives and sons." 1430, "And when they went from nation to nation, and from one kingdom to another people;" 2350, "For great is the LORD, and greatly to be praised: he also is to be feared above all gods." 4720, "The sons of Ham; Cush, and Mizraim, Put, and Canaan." 2130, "And Ram begat Amminadab; and Amminadab begat Nahshon, prince of the children of Judah;" 1910, "Shammoth the Harorite, Helez the Pelonite," 2140, "Wheresoever I have walked with all Israel, spake I a word to any of the judges of Israel, whom I commanded to feed my people, saying, Why have ye not built me an house of cedars?" 1790, "And their brethren the sons of Merari stood on the left hand: Ethan the son of Kishi, the son of Abdi, the son of Malluch," 1840, "And their brethren, according to their generations, nine hundred and fifty and six. All these men were chief of the fathers in the house of their fathers." 1530, "Now after this it came to pass, that David smote the Philistines, and subdued them, and took Gath and her towns out of the hand of the Philistines." 2470, "And of the children of Benjamin, the kindred of Saul, three thousand: for hitherto the greatest part of them had kept the ward of the house of Saul." 1610, "And the king commanded Hilkiah the high priest, and the priests of the second order, and the keepers of the door, to bring forth out of the temple of the LORD all the vessels that were made for Baal, and for the grove, and for all the host of heaven: and he burned them without Jerusalem in the fields of Kidron, and carried the ashes of them unto Bethel." 227, "And they set themselves in the midst of that parcel, and delivered it, and slew the Philistines; and the LORD saved them by a great deliverance." 1750, "Howbeit there was no reckoning made with them of the money that was delivered into their hand, because they dealt faithfully." 1710, "And David called for Zadok and Abiathar the priests, and for the Levites, for Uriel, Asaiah, and Joel, Shemaiah, and Eliel, and Amminadab," 1730, "The sons of Kohath; Amminadab his son, Korah his son, Assir his son," 2390, "What can David speak more to thee for the honour of thy servant? for thou knowest thy servant." 244, "And unto the sons of Kohath, which were left of the family of that tribe, were cities given out of the half tribe, namely, out of the half tribe of Manasseh, by lot, ten cities." 203, "And Jokmeam with her suburbs, and Bethhoron with her suburbs," 208, "And their possessions and habitations were, Bethel and the towns thereof, and eastward Naaran, and westward Gezer, with the towns thereof; Shechem also and the towns thereof, unto Gaza and the towns thereof:" 172, "And Nebuzaradan captain of the guard took these, and brought them to the king of Babylon to Riblah:" 235, "All these were the children of Asher, heads of their father's house, choice and mighty men of valour, chief of the princes. And the number throughout the genealogy of them that were apt to the war and to battle was twenty and six thousand men." 158, "The sons of Shem; Elam, and Asshur, and Arphaxad, and Lud, and Aram, and Uz, and Hul, and Gether, and Meshech." 2600, "And Ahitub begat Zadok, and Zadok begat Ahimaaz," 1700, "Duke Magdiel, duke Iram. These are the dukes of Edom." 3470, "And the pots, and the shovels, and the snuffers, and the spoons, and all the vessels of brass wherewith they ministered, took they away." 1930, "Them also king David dedicated unto the LORD, with the silver and the gold that he brought from all these nations; from Edom, and from Moab, and from the children of Ammon, and from the Philistines, and from Amalek." 230, "So Gad came to David, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Choose thee" 1850, "And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, and walked in all the way of David his father, and turned not aside to the right hand or to the left." 3470, "And Shema begat Raham, the father of Jorkoam: and Rekem begat Shammai." 1770, "And out of the tribe of Gad; Ramoth in Gilead with her suburbs, and Mahanaim with her suburbs," 249, "Ahiam the son of Sacar the Hararite, Eliphal the son of Ur," 1780, "And the sons of Elkanah; Amasai, and Ahimoth." 2470, "These are their generations: The firstborn of Ishmael, Nebaioth; then Kedar, and Adbeel, and Mibsam," 2760, "And David the king came and sat before the LORD, and said, Who am I, O LORD God, and what is mine house, that thou hast brought me hitherto?" 1730, "Of the children of Levi four thousand and six hundred." 1410, "And Ahitub begat Zadok, and Zadok begat Shallum," 1400, "Then he said, What title is that that I see? And the men of the city told him, It is the sepulchre of the man of God, which came from Judah, and proclaimed these things that thou hast done against the altar of Bethel." 173, "And the children of Amram; Aaron, and Moses, and Miriam. The sons also of Aaron; Nadab, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar." 2040, "Then David put garrisons in Syriadamascus; and the Syrians became David's servants, and brought gifts. Thus the LORD preserved David whithersoever he went." 218, "So David, and the elders of Israel, and the captains over thousands, went to bring up the ark of the covenant of the LORD out of the house of Obededom with joy." 1990, "And moreover in time past, even when Saul was king, thou wast he that leddest out and broughtest in Israel: and the LORD thy God said unto thee, Thou shalt feed my people Israel, and thou shalt be ruler over my people Israel." 240, "Some of them also were appointed to oversee the vessels, and all the instruments of the sanctuary, and the fine flour, and the wine, and the oil, and the frankincense, and the spices." 1520, "And Sheshan gave his daughter to Jarha his servant to wife; and she bare him Attai." 1940, "And Elioenai, and Jaakobah, and Jeshohaiah, and Asaiah, and Adiel, and Jesimiel, and Benaiah," 1590, "And let us bring again the ark of our God to us: for we enquired not at it in the days of Saul." 1560, "The sons of Shobal; Alian, and Manahath, and Ebal, Shephi, and Onam. And the sons of Zibeon; Aiah, and Anah." 2220, "And out of the city he took an officer that was set over the men of war, and five men of them that were in the king's presence, which were found in the city, and the principal scribe of the host, which mustered the people of the land, and threescore men of the people of the land that were found in the city:" 166, "And Ismaiah the Gibeonite, a mighty man among the thirty, and over the thirty; and Jeremiah, and Jahaziel, and Johanan, and Josabad the Gederathite," 1610, "And since the time that I commanded judges to be over my people Israel. Moreover I will subdue all thine enemies. Furthermore I tell thee that the LORD will build thee an house." 255, "And the sons of Jether; Jephunneh, and Pispah, and Ara." 1360, "And David longed, and said, Oh that one would give me drink of the water of the well of Bethlehem, that is at the gate!" 2020, "Kedemoth also with her suburbs, and Mephaath with her suburbs:" 248, "Eliel, and Obed, and Jasiel the Mesobaite." 1770, "These were of the sons of Gad, captains of the host: one of the least was over an hundred, and the greatest over a thousand." 2870, "And he carried away Jehoiachin to Babylon, and the king's mother, and the king's wives, and his officers, and the mighty of the land, those carried he into captivity from Jerusalem to Babylon." 294, "And Shaphan the scribe came to the king, and brought the king word again, and said, Thy servants have gathered the money that was found in the house, and have delivered it into the hand of them that do the work, that have the oversight of the house of the LORD." 197, "And Ramoth with her suburbs, and Anem with her suburbs:" 246, "And after him was Eleazar the son of Dodo, the Ahohite, who was one of the three mighties." 1840, "And Elishama, and Beeliada, and Eliphalet." 1570, "And when Bela was dead, Jobab the son of Zerah of Bozrah reigned in his stead." 2210, "And he begat of Hodesh his wife, Jobab, and Zibia, and Mesha, and Malcham," 1350, "Also the valiant men of the armies were, Asahel the brother of Joab, Elhanan the son of Dodo of Bethlehem," 1370, "And the sons of Ulla; Arah, and Haniel, and Rezia." 1320, "The Jebusite also, and the Amorite, and the Girgashite," 2870, "And all the people departed every man to his house: and David returned to bless his house." 2460, "And Zebadiah, and Meshullam, and Hezeki, and Heber," 1400, "And after that Hezron was dead in Calebephratah, then Abiah Hezron's wife bare him Ashur the father of Tekoa." 244, "So David brought not the ark home to himself to the city of David, but carried it aside into the house of Obededom the Gittite." 1380, "And Eleasah begat Sisamai, and Sisamai begat Shallum," 3470, "And the sons of Seir; Lotan, and Shobal, and Zibeon, and Anah, and Dishon, and Ezer, and Dishan." 2470, "And they took away their cattle; of their camels fifty thousand, and of sheep two hundred and fifty thousand, and of asses two thousand, and of men an hundred thousand." 2450, "And the Philistines followed hard after Saul, and after his sons; and the Philistines slew Jonathan, and Abinadab, and Malchishua, the sons of Saul." 1680, "And of the sons of Benjamin; Sallu the son of Meshullam, the son of Hodaviah, the son of Hasenuah," 1230, "And the sons of Bela were, Addar, and Gera, and Abihud," 1320, "As for Elkanah: the sons of Elkanah; Zophai his son, and Nahath his son," 2080, "And the sons of Shechaniah; Shemaiah: and the sons of Shemaiah; Hattush, and Igeal, and Bariah, and Neariah, and Shaphat, six." 1630, "And the God of Israel stirred up the spirit of Pul king of Assyria, and the spirit of Tilgathpilneser king of Assyria, and he carried them away, even the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and the half tribe of Manasseh, and brought them unto Halah, and Habor, and Hara, and to the river Gozan, unto this day." 197, "The son of Elkanah, the son of Jeroham, the son of Eliel, the son of Toah," 2440, "David therefore did as God commanded him: and they smote the host of the Philistines from Gibeon even to Gazer." 1670, "And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, according to all that Jehoiakim had done." 2380, "The sons of Ezer; Bilhan, and Zavan, and Jakan. The sons of Dishan; Uz, and Aran." 2660, "Ira the Ithrite, Gareb the Ithrite," 3210, "The sons of Elpaal; Eber, and Misham, and Shamed, who built Ono, and Lod, with the towns thereof:" 1320, "And David spake to the chief of the Levites to appoint their brethren to be the singers with instruments of musick, psalteries and harps and cymbals, sounding, by lifting up the voice with joy." 5100, "All these which were chosen to be porters in the gates were two hundred and twelve. These were reckoned by their genealogy in their villages, whom David and Samuel the seer did ordain in their set office." 265, "And Shallum begat Hilkiah, and Hilkiah begat Azariah," 1630, "And the high places that were before Jerusalem, which were on the right hand of the mount of corruption, which Solomon the king of Israel had builded for Ashtoreth the abomination of the Zidonians, and for Chemosh the abomination of the Moabites, and for Milcom the abomination of the children of Ammon, did the king defile." 203, "And when Azubah was dead, Caleb took unto him Ephrath, which bare him Hur." 1560, "The son of Amzi, the son of Bani, the son of Shamer," 1700, "The sons of Levi; Gershom, Kohath, and Merari." 2280}