{"And she shall follow after her lovers, but she shall not overtake them; and she shall seek them, but shall not find them: then shall she say, I will go and return to my first husband; for then was it better with me than now." 2020, "He said, Bring them hither to me." 30300, "I Daniel was grieved in my spirit in the midst of my body, and the visions of my head troubled me." 3160, "And I will set up one shepherd over them, and he shall feed them, even my servant David; he shall feed them, and he shall be their shepherd." 3650, "And by the border of Simeon, from the east side unto the west side, Issachar a portion." 1750, "And when he had fasted forty days and forty nights, he was afterward an hungred." 5580, "And he answered me and said, Knowest thou not what these be? And I said, No, my lord." 3470, "And when he had begun to reckon, one was brought unto him, which owed him ten thousand talents." 5260, "And as they came out, they found a man of Cyrene, Simon by name: him they compelled to bear his cross." 4660, "And said, I cried by reason of mine affliction unto the LORD, and he heard me; out of the belly of hell cried I, and thou heardest my voice." 3820, "The oblation that ye shall offer unto the LORD shall be of five and twenty thousand in length, and of ten thousand in breadth." 1760, "At the same time came the disciples unto Jesus, saying, Who is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven?" 6750, "Pilate said unto them, Ye have a watch: go your way, make it as sure as ye can." 4030, "And an host was given him against the daily sacrifice by reason of transgression, and it cast down the truth to the ground; and it practised, and prospered." 2730, "Then cried he upon me, and spake unto me, saying, Behold, these that go toward the north country have quieted my spirit in the north country." 2130, "And out of one of them came forth a little horn, which waxed exceeding great, toward the south, and toward the east, and toward the pleasant land." 3360, "For Israel hath forgotten his Maker, and buildeth temples; and Judah hath multiplied fenced cities: but I will send a fire upon his cities, and it shall devour the palaces thereof." 1740, "For the Son of man is Lord even of the sabbath day." 27200, "When I have bent Judah for me, filled the bow with Ephraim, and raised up thy sons, O Zion, against thy sons, O Greece, and made thee as the sword of a mighty man." 1950, "And it shall be the prince's part to give burnt offerings, and meat offerings, and drink offerings, in the feasts, and in the new moons, and in the sabbaths, in all solemnities of the house of Israel: he shall prepare the sin offering, and the meat offering, and the burnt offering, and the peace offerings, to make reconciliation for the house of Israel." 2060, "The strong among the mighty shall speak to him out of the midst of hell with them that help him: they are gone down, they lie uncircumcised, slain by the sword." 1950, "Because Ephraim hath made many altars to sin, altars shall be unto him to sin." 1620, "So shall it be at the end of the world: the angels shall come forth, and sever the wicked from among the just," 9000, "And thou Bethlehem, in the land of Juda, art not the least among the princes of Juda: for out of thee shall come a Governor, that shall rule my people Israel." 7120, "They shall enter into my sanctuary, and they shall come near to my table, to minister unto me, and they shall keep my charge." 2220, "Another parable put he forth unto them, saying, The kingdom of heaven is likened unto a man which sowed good seed in his field:" 6900, "And, behold, there was a great earthquake: for the angel of the Lord descended from heaven, and came and rolled back the stone from the door, and sat upon it." 8050, "Blessed are the poor in spirit: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven." 65200, "And in the latter time of their kingdom, when the transgressors are come to the full, a king of fierce countenance, and understanding dark sentences, shall stand up." 5210, "Therefore the heaven over you is stayed from dew, and the earth is stayed from her fruit." 2620, "Ye are the light of the world. A city that is set on an hill cannot be hid." 17600, "All therefore whatsoever they bid you observe, that observe and do; but do not ye after their works: for they say, and do not." 7180, "And they shall waste the land of Assyria with the sword, and the land of Nimrod in the entrances thereof: thus shall he deliver us from the Assyrian, when he cometh into our land, and when he treadeth within our borders." 2370, "He stood, and measured the earth: he beheld, and drove asunder the nations; and the everlasting mountains were scattered, the perpetual hills did bow: his ways are everlasting." 2360, "But whoso shall offend one of these little ones which believe in me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depth of the sea." 12200, "And the LORD said unto me, Amos, what seest thou? And I said, A plumbline. Then said the Lord, Behold, I will set a plumbline in the midst of my people Israel: I will not again pass by them any more:" 2780, "And the arches round about were five and twenty cubits long, and five cubits broad." 240, "And I will cut off the cities of thy land, and throw down all thy strong holds:" 1980, "Then an herald cried aloud, To you it is commanded, O people, nations, and languages," 2330, "There be the princes of the north, all of them, and all the Zidonians, which are gone down with the slain; with their terror they are ashamed of their might; and they lie uncircumcised with them that be slain by the sword, and bear their shame with them that go down to the pit." 1500, "O my God, incline thine ear, and hear; open thine eyes, and behold our desolations, and the city which is called by thy name: for we do not present our supplications before thee for our righteousnesses, but for thy great mercies." 4430, "His legs of iron, his feet part of iron and part of clay." 25200, "Behold, I will raise them out of the place whither ye have sold them, and will return your recompence upon your own head:" 2450, "Then did they spit in his face, and buffeted him; and others smote him with the palms of their hands," 4460, "Then said I to the angel that talked with me, Whither do these bear the ephah?" 2190, "Then lifted I up mine eyes, and looked, and, behold, there came out two women, and the wind was in their wings; for they had wings like the wings of a stork: and they lifted up the ephah between the earth and the heaven." 2500, "Who is a God like unto thee, that pardoneth iniquity, and passeth by the transgression of the remnant of his heritage? he retaineth not his anger for ever, because he delighteth in mercy." 4100, "Therefore will I return, and take away my corn in the time thereof, and my wine in the season thereof, and will recover my wool and my flax given to cover her nakedness." 1940, "Therefore speak I to them in parables: because they seeing see not; and hearing they hear not, neither do they understand." 8440, "Then answered they and said before the king, That Daniel, which is of the children of the captivity of Judah, regardeth not thee, O king, nor the decree that thou hast signed, but maketh his petition three times a day." 2110, "Since those days were, when one came to an heap of twenty measures, there were but ten: when one came to the pressfat for to draw out fifty vessels out of the press, there were but twenty." 2110, "The young man saith unto him, All these things have I kept from my youth up: what lack I yet?" 5100, "Thus saith the Lord GOD; No stranger, uncircumcised in heart, nor uncircumcised in flesh, shall enter into my sanctuary, of any stranger that is among the children of Israel." 1830, "Therefore have I hewed them by the prophets; I have slain them by the words of my mouth: and thy judgments are as the light that goeth forth." 2700, "But go rather to the lost sheep of the house of Israel." 23000, "And ye have not kept the charge of mine holy things: but ye have set keepers of my charge in my sanctuary for yourselves." 1540, "And they covet fields, and take them by violence; and houses, and take them away: so they oppress a man and his house, even a man and his heritage." 2160, "And also the name of the city shall be Hamonah. Thus shall they cleanse the land." 2090, "And woe unto them that are with child, and to them that give suck in those days!" 9530, "Persia, Ethiopia, and Libya with them; all of them with shield and helmet:" 4100, "For their mother hath played the harlot: she that conceived them hath done shamefully: for she said, I will go after my lovers, that give me my bread and my water, my wool and my flax, mine oil and my drink." 2250, "Are there yet the treasures of wickedness in the house of the wicked, and the scant measure that is abominable?" 2040, "But I say unto you, That whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart." 18500, "And he said unto me, Son of man, can these bones live? And I answered, O Lord GOD, thou knowest." 3790, "Ask ye of the LORD rain in the time of the latter rain; so the LORD shall make bright clouds, and give them showers of rain, to every one grass in the field." 2300, "Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen." 20900, "The light of the body is the eye: if therefore thine eye be single, thy whole body shall be full of light." 13200, "And your eyes shall see, and ye shall say, The LORD will be magnified from the border of Israel." 3680, "In the third year of Cyrus king of Persia a thing was revealed unto Daniel, whose name was called Belteshazzar; and the thing was true, but the time appointed was long: and he understood the thing, and had understanding of the vision." 2580, "Then was Jesus led up of the Spirit into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil." 11100, "Ephraim also is like a silly dove without heart: they call to Egypt, they go to Assyria." 1830, "Moreover when ye fast, be not, as the hypocrites, of a sad countenance: for they disfigure their faces, that they may appear unto men to fast. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward." 7770, "And this man shall be the peace, when the Assyrian shall come into our land: and when he shall tread in our palaces, then shall we raise against him seven shepherds, and eight principal men." 2560, "I thank thee, and praise thee, O thou God of my fathers, who hast given me wisdom and might, and hast made known unto me now what we desired of thee: for thou hast now made known unto us the king's matter." 2560, "Before their face the people shall be much pained: all faces shall gather blackness." 3000, "And ye shall appoint the possession of the city five thousand broad, and five and twenty thousand long, over against the oblation of the holy portion: it shall be for the whole house of Israel." 1670, "And I said unto the angel that talked with me, What be these? And he answered me, These are the horns which have scattered Judah, Israel, and Jerusalem." 2180, "Prophesy therefore concerning the land of Israel, and say unto the mountains, and to the hills, to the rivers, and to the valleys, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I have spoken in my jealousy and in my fury, because ye have borne the shame of the heathen:" 1910, "Then one of the twelve, called Judas Iscariot, went unto the chief priests," 5470, "As thou didst rejoice at the inheritance of the house of Israel, because it was desolate, so will I do unto thee: thou shalt be desolate, O mount Seir, and all Idumea, even all of it: and they shall know that I am the LORD." 1990, "Take heed that ye do not your alms before men, to be seen of them: otherwise ye have no reward of your Father which is in heaven." 9220, "Then this Daniel was preferred above the presidents and princes, because an excellent spirit was in him; and the king thought to set him over the whole realm." 2770, "Who hate the good, and love the evil; who pluck off their skin from off them, and their flesh from off their bones;" 2200, "Then said they unto him, What shall we do unto thee, that the sea may be calm unto us? for the sea wrought, and was tempestuous." 2580, "A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit." 21100, "And as they departed, Jesus began to say unto the multitudes concerning John, What went ye out into the wilderness to see? A reed shaken with the wind?" 3650, "Then he brought me forth into the utter court, and caused me to pass by the four corners of the court; and, behold, in every corner of the court there was a court." 1660, "It shall be also carried unto Assyria for a present to king Jareb: Ephraim shall receive shame, and Israel shall be ashamed of his own counsel." 1990, "Therefore I make a decree, That every people, nation, and language, which speak any thing amiss against the God of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, shall be cut in pieces, and their houses shall be made a dunghill: because there is no other God that can deliver after this sort." 2180, "Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not pass, till all these things be fulfilled." 21100, "But I will send a fire upon Teman, which shall devour the palaces of Bozrah." 2350, "At the end of twelve months he walked in the palace of the kingdom of Babylon." 5490, "And unto one he gave five talents, to another two, and to another one; to every man according to his several ability; and straightway took his journey." 7420, "Make thee bald, and poll thee for thy delicate children; enlarge thy baldness as the eagle; for they are gone into captivity from thee." 1920, "The posts of the temple were squared, and the face of the sanctuary; the appearance of the one as the appearance of the other." 1900, "And they shall drive thee from men, and thy dwelling shall be with the beasts of the field: they shall make thee to eat grass as oxen, and seven times shall pass over thee, until thou know that the most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will." 2510, "And the king of the south shall be moved with choler, and shall come forth and fight with him, even with the king of the north: and he shall set forth a great multitude; but the multitude shall be given into his hand." 2090, "And it came to pass, that when Jesus had finished these sayings, he departed from Galilee, and came into the coasts of Judaea beyond Jordan;" 3040, "Ye serpents, ye generation of vipers, how can ye escape the damnation of hell?" 13200, "But at the last Daniel came in before me, whose name was Belteshazzar, according to the name of my god, and in whom is the spirit of the holy gods: and before him I told the dream, saying," 1900, "Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils: freely ye have received, freely give." 10100, "The breaker is come up before them: they have broken up, and have passed through the gate, and are gone out by it: and their king shall pass before them, and the LORD on the head of them." 2160, "Yet the number of the children of Israel shall be as the sand of the sea, which cannot be measured nor numbered; and it shall come to pass, that in the place where it was said unto them, Ye are not my people, there it shall be said unto them, Ye are the sons of the living God." 4090, "That strengtheneth the spoiled against the strong, so that the spoiled shall come against the fortress." 1830, "Over against the twenty cubits which were for the inner court, and over against the pavement which was for the utter court, was gallery against gallery in three stories." 1450, "And immediately the Spirit driveth him into the wilderness." 5330, "But the same servant went out, and found one of his fellowservants, which owed him an hundred pence: and he laid hands on him, and took him by the throat, saying, Pay me that thou owest." 3550, "And whoso falleth not down and worshippeth, that he should be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace." 2500, "And he stretched forth his hand toward his disciples, and said, Behold my mother and my brethren!" 6760, "And so he that had received five talents came and brought other five talents, saying, Lord, thou deliveredst unto me five talents: behold, I have gained beside them five talents more." 5470, "For with what judgment ye judge, ye shall be judged: and with what measure ye mete, it shall be measured to you again." 22600, "And there was in their synagogue a man with an unclean spirit; and he cried out," 8250, "For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be famines, and pestilences, and earthquakes, in divers places." 30500, "And the chief priests took the silver pieces, and said, It is not lawful for to put them into the treasury, because it is the price of blood." 3960, "Yea, the LORD will answer and say unto his people, Behold, I will send you corn, and wine, and oil, and ye shall be satisfied therewith: and I will no more make you a reproach among the heathen:" 3180, "And when he was come to the other side into the country of the Gergesenes, there met him two possessed with devils, coming out of the tombs, exceeding fierce, so that no man might pass by that way." 3790, "And in his name shall the Gentiles trust." 14300, "By the swords of the mighty will I cause thy multitude to fall, the terrible of the nations, all of them: and they shall spoil the pomp of Egypt, and all the multitude thereof shall be destroyed." 246, "And he caused it to be proclaimed and published through Nineveh by the decree of the king and his nobles, saying, Let neither man nor beast, herd nor flock, taste any thing: let them not feed, nor drink water:" 2740, "Then one of them, which was a lawyer, asked him a question, tempting him, and saying," 6870, "For as ye have drunk upon my holy mountain, so shall all the heathen drink continually, yea, they shall drink, and they shall swallow down, and they shall be as though they had not been." 2670, "Again, when I say unto the wicked, Thou shalt surely die; if he turn from his sin, and do that which is lawful and right;" 2300, "Will a man rob God? Yet ye have robbed me. But ye say, Wherein have we robbed thee? In tithes and offerings." 8240, "Verily I say unto you, Among them that are born of women there hath not risen a greater than John the Baptist: notwithstanding he that is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he." 5130, "And laid it in his own new tomb, which he had hewn out in the rock: and he rolled a great stone to the door of the sepulchre, and departed." 4610, "The earth shall quake before them; the heavens shall tremble: the sun and the moon shall be dark, and the stars shall withdraw their shining:" 4260, "For there are some eunuchs, which were so born from their mother's womb: and there are some eunuchs, which were made eunuchs of men: and there be eunuchs, which have made themselves eunuchs for the kingdom of heaven's sake. He that is able to receive it, let him receive it." 5800, "Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Surely in the fire of my jealousy have I spoken against the residue of the heathen, and against all Idumea, which have appointed my land into their possession with the joy of all their heart, with despiteful minds, to cast it out for a prey." 2070, "And Jesus, walking by the sea of Galilee, saw two brethren, Simon called Peter, and Andrew his brother, casting a net into the sea: for they were fishers." 5930, "Shall not the land tremble for this, and every one mourn that dwelleth therein? and it shall rise up wholly as a flood; and it shall be cast out and drowned, as by the flood of Egypt." 1910, "And the side chambers were three, one over another, and thirty in order; and they entered into the wall which was of the house for the side chambers round about, that they might have hold, but they had not hold in the wall of the house." 1820, "He hath shewed thee, O man, what is good; and what doth the LORD require of thee, but to do justly, and to love mercy, and to walk humbly with thy God?" 17400, "Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be called the children of God." 39900, "The horseman lifteth up both the bright sword and the glittering spear: and there is a multitude of slain, and a great number of carcases; and there is none end of their corpses; they stumble upon their corpses:" 2140, "And a man's uncle shall take him up, and he that burneth him, to bring out the bones out of the house, and shall say unto him that is by the sides of the house, Is there yet any with thee? and he shall say, No. Then shall he say, Hold thy tongue: for we may not make mention of the name of the LORD." 1600, "Ye are the salt of the earth: but if the salt have lost his savour, wherewith shall it be salted? it is thenceforth good for nothing, but to be cast out, and to be trodden under foot of men." 11200, "And to speak unto the priests which were in the house of the LORD of hosts, and to the prophets, saying, Should I weep in the fifth month, separating myself, as I have done these so many years?" 2380, "Then he brought me forth into the utter court, the way toward the north: and he brought me into the chamber that was over against the separate place, and which was before the building toward the north." 1800, "Belshazzar, whiles he tasted the wine, commanded to bring the golden and silver vessels which his father Nebuchadnezzar had taken out of the temple which was in Jerusalem; that the king, and his princes, his wives, and his concubines, might drink therein." 2720, "Even from the days of your fathers ye are gone away from mine ordinances, and have not kept them. Return unto me, and I will return unto you, saith the LORD of hosts. But ye said, Wherein shall we return?" 3020, "And when the sun was up, they were scorched; and because they had no root, they withered away." 6830, "Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest." 36700, "For I desired mercy, and not sacrifice; and the knowledge of God more than burnt offerings." 4760, "And I will sow them among the people: and they shall remember me in far countries; and they shall live with their children, and turn again." 1870, "Take heed that ye despise not one of these little ones; for I say unto you, That in heaven their angels do always behold the face of my Father which is in heaven." 8950, "Then let them which be in Judaea flee into the mountains:" 14000, "And Jesus said unto them, Verily I say unto you, That ye which have followed me, in the regeneration when the Son of man shall sit in the throne of his glory, ye also shall sit upon twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel." 6910, "Notwithstanding, lest we should offend them, go thou to the sea, and cast an hook, and take up the fish that first cometh up; and when thou hast opened his mouth, thou shalt find a piece of money: that take, and give unto them for me and thee." 6140, "And when the ten heard it, they were moved with indignation against the two brethren." 3470, "Therefore night shall be unto you, that ye shall not have a vision; and it shall be dark unto you, that ye shall not divine; and the sun shall go down over the prophets, and the day shall be dark over them." 2750, "Then said the LORD, Doest thou well to be angry?" 5290, "Behold, a virgin shall be with child, and shall bring forth a son, and they shall call his name Emmanuel, which being interpreted is, God with us." 20900, "Wherefore king Darius signed the writing and the decree." 2460, "And at the side without, as one goeth up to the entry of the north gate, were two tables; and on the other side, which was at the porch of the gate, were two tables." 225, "And it shall come to pass, that whosoever shall call on the name of the LORD shall be delivered: for in mount Zion and in Jerusalem shall be deliverance, as the LORD hath said, and in the remnant whom the LORD shall call." 6670, "So the angel that communed with me said unto me, Cry thou, saying, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; I am jealous for Jerusalem and for Zion with a great jealousy." 1830, "In the same hour came forth fingers of a man's hand, and wrote over against the candlestick upon the plaister of the wall of the king's palace: and the king saw the part of the hand that wrote." 2910, "For the idols have spoken vanity, and the diviners have seen a lie, and have told false dreams; they comfort in vain: therefore they went their way as a flock, they were troubled, because there was no shepherd." 1950, "And the prince shall enter by the way of the porch of that gate without, and shall stand by the post of the gate, and the priests shall prepare his burnt offering and his peace offerings, and he shall worship at the threshold of the gate: then he shall go forth; but the gate shall not be shut until the evening." 1760, "Then he saith, I will return into my house from whence I came out; and when he is come, he findeth it empty, swept, and garnished." 5810, "The vision of Obadiah. Thus saith the Lord GOD concerning Edom; We have heard a rumour from the LORD, and an ambassador is sent among the heathen, Arise ye, and let us rise up against her in battle." 2560, "Then I Daniel looked, and, behold, there stood other two, the one on this side of the bank of the river, and the other on that side of the bank of the river." 2820, "I will also save you from all your uncleannesses: and I will call for the corn, and will increase it, and lay no famine upon you." 2240, "Then spake the Chaldeans to the king in Syriack, O king, live for ever: tell thy servants the dream, and we will shew the interpretation." 2510, "And blessed is he, whosoever shall not be offended in me." 10900, "He shall not strive, nor cry; neither shall any man hear his voice in the streets." 4880, "These are the things which defile a man: but to eat with unwashen hands defileth not a man." 4520, "This matter is by the decree of the watchers, and the demand by the word of the holy ones: to the intent that the living may know that the most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will, and setteth up over it the basest of men." 4010, "And all nations shall call you blessed: for ye shall be a delightsome land, saith the LORD of hosts." 3820, "To that above the door, even unto the inner house, and without, and by all the wall round about within and without, by measure." 1750, "Shall I not in that day, saith the LORD, even destroy the wise men out of Edom, and understanding out of the mount of Esau?" 2270, "But the LORD is in his holy temple: let all the earth keep silence before him." 12300, "The heads thereof judge for reward, and the priests thereof teach for hire, and the prophets thereof divine for money: yet will they lean upon the LORD, and say, Is not the LORD among us? none evil can come upon us." 2410, "In those days I Daniel was mourning three full weeks." 4170, "In the first chariot were red horses; and in the second chariot black horses;" 2670, "Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the prophets: I am not come to destroy, but to fulfil." 25800, "But straightway Jesus spake unto them, saying, Be of good cheer; it is I; be not afraid." 5460, "There is Meshech, Tubal, and all her multitude: her graves are round about him: all of them uncircumcised, slain by the sword, though they caused their terror in the land of the living." 1780, "And it shall come to pass in that day, saith the LORD of hosts, that I will cut off the names of the idols out of the land, and they shall no more be remembered: and also I will cause the prophets and the unclean spirit to pass out of the land." 2330, "I found Israel like grapes in the wilderness; I saw your fathers as the firstripe in the fig tree at her first time: but they went to Baalpeor, and separated themselves unto that shame; and their abominations were according as they loved." 1920, "What will ye do in the solemn day, and in the day of the feast of the LORD?" 2210, "My tabernacle also shall be with them: yea, I will be their God, and they shall be my people." 3820, "He measured then the gate from the roof of one little chamber to the roof of another: the breadth was five and twenty cubits, door against door." 2010, "And he called the multitude, and said unto them, Hear, and understand:" 6190, "For all people will walk every one in the name of his god, and we will walk in the name of the LORD our God for ever and ever." 3010, "The diseased have ye not strengthened, neither have ye healed that which was sick, neither have ye bound up that which was broken, neither have ye brought again that which was driven away, neither have ye sought that which was lost; but with force and with cruelty have ye ruled them." 2680, "Woe to them that devise iniquity, and work evil upon their beds! when the morning is light, they practise it, because it is in the power of their hand." 2320, "Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, answered and said to the king, O Nebuchadnezzar, we are not careful to answer thee in this matter." 2890, "Now let them put away their whoredom, and the carcases of their kings, far from me, and I will dwell in the midst of them for ever." 2070, "Woe to the idol shepherd that leaveth the flock! the sword shall be upon his arm, and upon his right eye: his arm shall be clean dried up, and his right eye shall be utterly darkened." 3120, "For Herod had laid hold on John, and bound him, and put him in prison for Herodias' sake, his brother Philip's wife." 3220, "The vine is dried up, and the fig tree languisheth; the pomegranate tree, the palm tree also, and the apple tree, even all the trees of the field, are withered: because joy is withered away from the sons of men." 2710, "Moreover, thou son of man, take thee one stick, and write upon it, For Judah, and for the children of Israel his companions: then take another stick, and write upon it, For Joseph, the stick of Ephraim, and for all the house of Israel his companions:" 4750, "The LORD repented for this: It shall not be, saith the LORD." 2390, "The people which sat in darkness saw great light; and to them which sat in the region and shadow of death light is sprung up." 5990, "Then shall they cry unto the LORD, but he will not hear them: he will even hide his face from them at that time, as they have behaved themselves ill in their doings." 2090, "For every one that asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened." 25300, "And he changeth the times and the seasons: he removeth kings, and setteth up kings: he giveth wisdom unto the wise, and knowledge to them that know understanding:" 4500, "Then came to him the mother of Zebedee's children with her sons, worshipping him, and desiring a certain thing of him." 3150, "Is not the meat cut off before our eyes, yea, joy and gladness from the house of our God?" 2180, "For the son dishonoureth the father, the daughter riseth up against her mother, the daughter in law against her mother in law; a man's enemies are the men of his own house." 2210, "I beheld then because of the voice of the great words which the horn spake: I beheld even till the beast was slain, and his body destroyed, and given to the burning flame." 3190, "And I heard a man's voice between the banks of Ulai, which called, and said, Gabriel, make this man to understand the vision." 2810, "Their heart is divided; now shall they be found faulty: he shall break down their altars, he shall spoil their images." 2240, "Upon the four and twentieth day of the eleventh month, which is the month Sebat, in the second year of Darius, came the word of the LORD unto Zechariah, the son of Berechiah, the son of Iddo the prophet, saying," 2060, "And many of them that sleep in the dust of the earth shall awake, some to everlasting life, and some to shame and everlasting contempt." 12600, "For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them." 31700, "Now when Daniel knew that the writing was signed, he went into his house; and his windows being open in his chamber toward Jerusalem, he kneeled upon his knees three times a day, and prayed, and gave thanks before his God, as he did aforetime." 3310, "And when they were come to Capernaum, they that received tribute money came to Peter, and said, Doth not your master pay tribute?" 3740, "A good man out of the good treasure of the heart bringeth forth good things: and an evil man out of the evil treasure bringeth forth evil things." 9240, "Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because they say unto you, Thou land devourest up men, and hast bereaved thy nations;" 1890, "Yea, they made their hearts as an adamant stone, lest they should hear the law, and the words which the LORD of hosts hath sent in his spirit by the former prophets: therefore came a great wrath from the LORD of hosts." 2340, "And when the chief priests and scribes saw the wonderful things that he did, and the children crying in the temple, and saying, Hosanna to the Son of David; they were sore displeased," 3350, "And they of Ephraim shall be like a mighty man, and their heart shall rejoice as through wine: yea, their children shall see it, and be glad; their heart shall rejoice in the LORD." 1660, "So he measured the house, an hundred cubits long; and the separate place, and the building, with the walls thereof, an hundred cubits long;" 2190, "They shall come all for violence: their faces shall sup up as the east wind, and they shall gather the captivity as the sand." 2110, "And the remnant took his servants, and entreated them spitefully, and slew them." 4820, "And the Levites that are gone away far from me, when Israel went astray, which went astray away from me after their idols; they shall even bear their iniquity." 1720, "And Jesus knowing their thoughts said, Wherefore think ye evil in your hearts?" 4530, "Command therefore that the sepulchre be made sure until the third day, lest his disciples come by night, and steal him away, and say unto the people, He is risen from the dead: so the last error shall be worse than the first." 4390, "Because of the multitude of the whoredoms of the wellfavoured harlot, the mistress of witchcrafts, that selleth nations through her whoredoms, and families through her witchcrafts." 2030, "Then said the LORD, Thou hast had pity on the gourd, for the which thou hast not laboured, neither madest it grow; which came up in a night, and perished in a night:" 2210, "Wherefore say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Ye eat with the blood, and lift up your eyes toward your idols, and shed blood: and shall ye possess the land?" 1740, "And it came to pass in the twelfth year, in the twelfth month, in the first day of the month, that the word of the LORD came unto me, saying," 3390, "And whiles I was speaking, and praying, and confessing my sin and the sin of my people Israel, and presenting my supplication before the LORD my God for the holy mountain of my God;" 2770, "And strangers, the terrible of the nations, have cut him off, and have left him: upon the mountains and in all the valleys his branches are fallen, and his boughs are broken by all the rivers of the land; and all the people of the earth are gone down from his shadow, and have left him." 1880, "For whosoever hath, to him shall be given, and he shall have more abundance: but whosoever hath not, from him shall be taken away even that he hath." 7230, "Three shepherds also I cut off in one month; and my soul lothed them, and their soul also abhorred me." 2080, "Then shall they deliver you up to be afflicted, and shall kill you: and ye shall be hated of all nations for my name's sake." 26400, "And there was an enlarging, and a winding about still upward to the side chambers: for the winding about of the house went still upward round about the house: therefore the breadth of the house was still upward, and so increased from the lowest chamber to the highest by the midst." 1930, "But the wise answered, saying, Not so; lest there be not enough for us and you: but go ye rather to them that sell, and buy for yourselves." 7420, "But he answered and said unto them, Why do ye also transgress the commandment of God by your tradition?" 6040, "Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Ask now the priests concerning the law, saying," 2080, "And Zorobabel begat Abiud; and Abiud begat Eliakim; and Eliakim begat Azor;" 3970, "Many shall be purified, and made white, and tried; but the wicked shall do wickedly: and none of the wicked shall understand; but the wise shall understand." 7820, "But I say unto you, Swear not at all; neither by heaven; for it is God's throne:" 7890, "But thou, Bethlehem Ephratah, though thou be little among the thousands of Judah, yet out of thee shall he come forth unto me that is to be ruler in Israel; whose goings forth have been from of old, from everlasting." 8350, "And when the disciples saw him walking on the sea, they were troubled, saying, It is a spirit; and they cried out for fear." 5710, "For I will cleanse their blood that I have not cleansed: for the LORD dwelleth in Zion." 2470, "Again, the kingdom of heaven is like unto treasure hid in a field; the which when a man hath found, he hideth, and for joy thereof goeth and selleth all that he hath, and buyeth that field." 6160, "Some fell upon stony places, where they had not much earth: and forthwith they sprung up, because they had no deepness of earth:" 5080, "Thine hand shall be lifted up upon thine adversaries, and all thine enemies shall be cut off." 2330, "When his disciples heard it, they were exceedingly amazed, saying, Who then can be saved?" 4500, "They sacrifice upon the tops of the mountains, and burn incense upon the hills, under oaks and poplars and elms, because the shadow thereof is good: therefore your daughters shall commit whoredom, and your spouses shall commit adultery." 2170, "After he measured the wall of the house, six cubits; and the breadth of every side chamber, four cubits, round about the house on every side." 1860, "Then these men assembled, and found Daniel praying and making supplication before his God." 2750, "And in the porch of the gate were two tables on this side, and two tables on that side, to slay thereon the burnt offering and the sin offering and the trespass offering." 2040, "Then Herod, when he had privily called the wise men, enquired of them diligently what time the star appeared." 3930, "Have we not all one father? hath not one God created us? why do we deal treacherously every man against his brother, by profaning the covenant of our fathers?" 3570, "The same day came to him the Sadducees, which say that there is no resurrection, and asked him," 3780, "He that dasheth in pieces is come up before thy face: keep the munition, watch the way, make thy loins strong, fortify thy power mightily." 2160, "And the man that stood among the myrtle trees answered and said, These are they whom the LORD hath sent to walk to and fro through the earth." 2360, "And I will plead against him with pestilence and with blood; and I will rain upon him, and upon his bands, and upon the many people that are with him, an overflowing rain, and great hailstones, fire, and brimstone." 3470, "Now as he was speaking with me, I was in a deep sleep on my face toward the ground: but he touched me, and set me upright." 2180, "Then answered Peter and said unto him, Declare unto us this parable." 3410, "And it shall come to pass, that in all the land, saith the LORD, two parts therein shall be cut off and die; but the third shall be left therein." 3940, "And they were astonished at his doctrine: for he taught them as one that had authority, and not as the scribes." 4030, "O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that killest the prophets, and stonest them which are sent unto thee, how often would I have gathered thy children together, even as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, and ye would not!" 12500, "Gather the people, sanctify the congregation, assemble the elders, gather the children, and those that suck the breasts: let the bridegroom go forth of his chamber, and the bride out of her closet." 4320, "The sun shall be turned into darkness, and the moon into blood, before the great and the terrible day of the LORD come." 14000, "And by the border of Zebulun, from the east side unto the west side, Gad a portion." 1780, "His lord answered and said unto him, Thou wicked and slothful servant, thou knewest that I reap where I sowed not, and gather where I have not strawed:" 5560, "And it shall come to pass in that day, saith the LORD, that there shall be the noise of a cry from the fish gate, and an howling from the second, and a great crashing from the hills." 2340, "And when they were come unto a place called Golgotha, that is to say, a place of a skull," 4760, "Who is there even among you that would shut the doors for nought? neither do ye kindle fire on mine altar for nought. I have no pleasure in you, saith the LORD of hosts, neither will I accept an offering at your hand." 2110, "Therefore wait ye upon me, saith the LORD, until the day that I rise up to the prey: for my determination is to gather the nations, that I may assemble the kingdoms, to pour upon them mine indignation, even all my fierce anger: for all the earth shall be devoured with the fire of my jealousy." 2770, "And lo a voice from heaven, saying, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased." 22000, "He went away again the second time, and prayed, saying, O my Father, if this cup may not pass away from me, except I drink it, thy will be done." 4970, "Then brought he me into the outward court, and, lo, there were chambers, and a pavement made for the court round about: thirty chambers were upon the pavement." 1790, "Son of man, prophesy against the shepherds of Israel, prophesy, and say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD unto the shepherds; Woe be to the shepherds of Israel that do feed themselves! should not the shepherds feed the flocks?" 2620, "And the LORD answered me, and said, Write the vision, and make it plain upon tables, that he may run that readeth it." 6600, "And great multitudes followed him; and he healed them there." 5300, "Howbeit this kind goeth not out but by prayer and fasting." 9030, "But when the first came, they supposed that they should have received more; and they likewise received every man a penny." 4290, "And I say also unto thee, That thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." 26800, "Take that thine is, and go thy way: I will give unto this last, even as unto thee." 5240, "They shall run to and fro in the city; they shall run upon the wall, they shall climb up upon the houses; they shall enter in at the windows like a thief." 3130, "In that day, saith the LORD of hosts, will I take thee, O Zerubbabel, my servant, the son of Shealtiel, saith the LORD, and will make thee as a signet: for I have chosen thee, saith the LORD of hosts." 2800, "And when the Pharisees saw it, they said unto his disciples, Why eateth your Master with publicans and sinners?" 4360, "He that receiveth a prophet in the name of a prophet shall receive a prophet's reward; and he that receiveth a righteous man in the name of a righteous man shall receive a righteous man's reward." 5200, "But while men slept, his enemy came and sowed tares among the wheat, and went his way." 11700, "Then the men feared the LORD exceedingly, and offered a sacrifice unto the LORD, and made vows." 2670, "And I will shake all nations, and the desire of all nations shall come: and I will fill this house with glory, saith the LORD of hosts." 5370, "That lie upon beds of ivory, and stretch themselves upon their couches, and eat the lambs out of the flock, and the calves out of the midst of the stall;" 2060, "Gilead is a city of them that work iniquity, and is polluted with blood." 1800, "And he said, The LORD will roar from Zion, and utter his voice from Jerusalem; and the habitations of the shepherds shall mourn, and the top of Carmel shall wither." 2250, "Now the chief priests, and elders, and all the council, sought false witness against Jesus, to put him to death;" 4570, "And whoso shall swear by the temple, sweareth by it, and by him that dwelleth therein." 3430, "And his brightness was as the light; he had horns coming out of his hand: and there was the hiding of his power." 2750, "But when he saw the multitudes, he was moved with compassion on them, because they fainted, and were scattered abroad, as sheep having no shepherd." 6300, "Thus shall he do in the most strong holds with a strange god, whom he shall acknowledge and increase with glory: and he shall cause them to rule over many, and shall divide the land for gain." 3460, "In that day there shall be a fountain opened to the house of David and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem for sin and for uncleanness." 4590, "For, lo, I will command, and I will sift the house of Israel among all nations, like as corn is sifted in a sieve, yet shall not the least grain fall upon the earth." 2660, "Thou shalt daily prepare a burnt offering unto the LORD of a lamb of the first year without blemish: thou shalt prepare it every morning." 1680, "And by the river upon the bank thereof, on this side and on that side, shall grow all trees for meat, whose leaf shall not fade, neither shall the fruit thereof be consumed: it shall bring forth new fruit according to his months, because their waters they issued out of the sanctuary: and the fruit thereof shall be for meat, and the leaf thereof for medicine." 2430, "Or what man is there of you, whom if his son ask bread, will he give him a stone?" 9850, "And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold." 20200, "And he brought me to the inner court by the south gate: and he measured the south gate according to these measures;" 1990, "Therefore they sacrifice unto their net, and burn incense unto their drag; because by them their portion is fat, and their meat plenteous." 2110, "And he laid his hands on them, and departed thence." 7620, "And let none of you imagine evil in your hearts against his neighbour; and love no false oath: for all these are things that I hate, saith the LORD." 2120, "I will gather them that are sorrowful for the solemn assembly, who are of thee, to whom the reproach of it was a burden." 2110, "And the passengers that pass through the land, when any seeth a man's bone, then shall he set up a sign by it, till the buriers have buried it in the valley of Hamongog." 2130, "And the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat upon that house; and it fell: and great was the fall of it." 19800, "Then the angel of the LORD answered and said, O LORD of hosts, how long wilt thou not have mercy on Jerusalem and on the cities of Judah, against which thou hast had indignation these threescore and ten years?" 2290, "When the righteous turneth from his righteousness, and committeth iniquity, he shall even die thereby." 2180, "And Ephraim is as an heifer that is taught, and loveth to tread out the corn; but I passed over upon her fair neck: I will make Ephraim to ride; Judah shall plow, and Jacob shall break his clods." 1830, "And when he saw a fig tree in the way, he came to it, and found nothing thereon, but leaves only, and said unto it, Let no fruit grow on thee henceforward for ever. And presently the fig tree withered away." 4070, "Son of man, they that inhabit those wastes of the land of Israel speak, saying, Abraham was one, and he inherited the land: but we are many; the land is given us for inheritance." 2080, "But he shall say, I am no prophet, I am an husbandman; for man taught me to keep cattle from my youth." 1740, "Therefore, as I live, saith the Lord GOD, I will prepare thee unto blood, and blood shall pursue thee: sith thou hast not hated blood, even blood shall pursue thee." 1950, "And say, If we had been in the days of our fathers, we would not have been partakers with them in the blood of the prophets." 8140, "And he shall prepare a meat offering of an ephah for a bullock, and an ephah for a ram, and an hin of oil for an ephah." 1820, "And the LORD said unto me, Take unto thee yet the instruments of a foolish shepherd." 2030, "Hear this word that the LORD hath spoken against you, O children of Israel, against the whole family which I brought up from the land of Egypt, saying," 2010, "For wheresoever the carcase is, there will the eagles be gathered together." 9010, "Which, when it was full, they drew to shore, and sat down, and gathered the good into vessels, but cast the bad away." 5550, "The mountains saw thee, and they trembled: the overflowing of the water passed by: the deep uttered his voice, and lifted up his hands on high." 1970, "And another of his disciples said unto him, Lord, suffer me first to go and bury my father." 6200, "Shew me the tribute money. And they brought unto him a penny." 4250, "For I will take away the names of Baalim out of her mouth, and they shall no more be remembered by their name." 2510, "Woe is me! for I am as when they have gathered the summer fruits, as the grapegleanings of the vintage: there is no cluster to eat: my soul desired the firstripe fruit." 2150, "But the prince of the kingdom of Persia withstood me one and twenty days: but, lo, Michael, one of the chief princes, came to help me; and I remained there with the kings of Persia." 4330, "God is jealous, and the LORD revengeth; the LORD revengeth, and is furious; the LORD will take vengeance on his adversaries, and he reserveth wrath for his enemies." 3380, "Be not ye therefore like unto them: for your Father knoweth what things ye have need of, before ye ask him." 14100, "Then saith he to his servants, The wedding is ready, but they which were bidden were not worthy." 4860, "And I also have given you cleanness of teeth in all your cities, and want of bread in all your places: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith the LORD." 1780, "We have sinned, and have committed iniquity, and have done wickedly, and have rebelled, even by departing from thy precepts and from thy judgments:" 2920, "He turned about to the west side, and measured five hundred reeds with the measuring reed." 1890, "Thus ye shall be filled at my table with horses and chariots, with mighty men, and with all men of war, saith the Lord GOD." 2490, "And he shall judge among many people, and rebuke strong nations afar off; and they shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruninghooks: nation shall not lift up a sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more." 3190, "Strangers have devoured his strength, and he knoweth it not: yea, gray hairs are here and there upon him, yet he knoweth not." 1860, "And now, I pray you, consider from this day and upward, from before a stone was laid upon a stone in the temple of the LORD:" 1850, "O thou king, the most high God gave Nebuchadnezzar thy father a kingdom, and majesty, and glory, and honour:" 2550, "While the word was in the king's mouth, there fell a voice from heaven, saying, O king Nebuchadnezzar, to thee it is spoken; The kingdom is departed from thee." 2410, "And great multitudes were gathered together unto him, so that he went into a ship, and sat; and the whole multitude stood on the shore." 4350, "Woe to her that is filthy and polluted, to the oppressing city!" 2320, "Ye which rejoice in a thing of nought, which say, Have we not taken to us horns by our own strength?" 1980, "All the people of the land shall give this oblation for the prince in Israel." 1610, "And the doors of the side chambers were toward the place that was left, one door toward the north, and another door toward the south: and the breadth of the place that was left was five cubits round about." 2040, "Behold, I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves: be ye therefore wise as serpents, and harmless as doves." 11700, "Woe unto the world because of offences! for it must needs be that offences come; but woe to that man by whom the offence cometh!" 6930, "Nebuchadnezzar spake and said unto them, Is it true, O Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, do not ye serve my gods, nor worship the golden image which I have set up?" 2750, "Then Daniel went in, and desired of the king that he would give him time, and that he would shew the king the interpretation." 2490, "Rejoice not, O Israel, for joy, as other people: for thou hast gone a whoring from thy God, thou hast loved a reward upon every cornfloor." 1760, "And when they had received it, they murmured against the goodman of the house," 4360, "Thy crowned are as the locusts, and thy captains as the great grasshoppers, which camp in the hedges in the cold day, but when the sun ariseth they flee away, and their place is not known where they are." 1860, "What do ye imagine against the LORD? he will make an utter end: affliction shall not rise up the second time." 2440, "Then saith he to the man, Stretch forth thine hand. And he stretched it forth; and it was restored whole, like as the other." 3270, "The good man is perished out of the earth: and there is none upright among men: they all lie in wait for blood; they hunt every man his brother with a net." 3510, "As for Samaria, her king is cut off as the foam upon the water." 1790, "And there was a row of building round about in them, round about them four, and it was made with boiling places under the rows round about." 1810, "Then the king commanded to call the magicians, and the astrologers, and the sorcerers, and the Chaldeans, for to shew the king his dreams. So they came and stood before the king." 2360, "In that day shall there be a great mourning in Jerusalem, as the mourning of Hadadrimmon in the valley of Megiddon." 3250, "And the word of the LORD came unto Jonah the second time, saying," 3110, "And I will give her her vineyards from thence, and the valley of Achor for a door of hope: and she shall sing there, as in the days of her youth, and as in the day when she came up out of the land of Egypt." 2270, "He that hath ears to hear, let him hear." 33200, "But it shall be one day which shall be known to the LORD, not day, nor night: but it shall come to pass, that at evening time it shall be light." 3720, "For the day of the LORD is near upon all the heathen: as thou hast done, it shall be done unto thee: thy reward shall return upon thine own head." 3420, "Is there iniquity in Gilead? surely they are vanity: they sacrifice bullocks in Gilgal; yea, their altars are as heaps in the furrows of the fields." 2280, "And from that time he sought opportunity to betray him." 22800, "A prayer of Habakkuk the prophet upon Shigionoth." 2540, "Son of man, when the house of Israel dwelt in their own land, they defiled it by their own way and by their doings: their way was before me as the uncleanness of a removed woman." 1940, "And I said unto her, Thou shalt abide for me many days; thou shalt not play the harlot, and thou shalt not be for another man: so will I also be for thee." 1910, "And I am very sore displeased with the heathen that are at ease: for I was but a little displeased, and they helped forward the affliction." 1830, "Give not that which is holy unto the dogs, neither cast ye your pearls before swine, lest they trample them under their feet, and turn again and rend you." 12000, "The Son of man shall send forth his angels, and they shall gather out of his kingdom all things that offend, and them which do iniquity;" 12500, "That upon you may come all the righteous blood shed upon the earth, from the blood of righteous Abel unto the blood of Zacharias son of Barachias, whom ye slew between the temple and the altar." 6200, "Abraham begat Isaac; and Isaac begat Jacob; and Jacob begat Judas and his brethren;" 5740, "Then said the king to the servants, Bind him hand and foot, and take him away, and cast him into outer darkness; there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth." 6710, "This people draweth nigh unto me with their mouth, and honoureth me with their lips; but their heart is far from me." 11300, "And I saw him come close unto the ram, and he was moved with choler against him, and smote the ram, and brake his two horns: and there was no power in the ram to stand before him, but he cast him down to the ground, and stamped upon him: and there was none that could deliver the ram out of his hand." 2590, "They spake and said to the king Nebuchadnezzar, O king, live for ever." 2350, "And the LORD shall utter his voice before his army: for his camp is very great: for he is strong that executeth his word: for the day of the LORD is great and very terrible; and who can abide it?" 4070, "Then the presidents and princes sought to find occasion against Daniel concerning the kingdom; but they could find none occasion nor fault; forasmuch as he was faithful, neither was there any error or fault found in him." 2720, "The days of visitation are come, the days of recompence are come; Israel shall know it: the prophet is a fool, the spiritual man is mad, for the multitude of thine iniquity, and the great hatred." 1960, "Also, thou son of man, prophesy unto the mountains of Israel, and say, Ye mountains of Israel, hear the word of the LORD:" 2180, "And my people are bent to backsliding from me: though they called them to the most High, none at all would exalt him." 1780, "In that same hour said Jesus to the multitudes, Are ye come out as against a thief with swords and staves for to take me? I sat daily with you teaching in the temple, and ye laid no hold on me." 3310, "And it came to pass, when Jesus had ended these sayings, the people were astonished at his doctrine:" 5910, "Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! because ye build the tombs of the prophets, and garnish the sepulchres of the righteous," 5640, "He saved others; himself he cannot save. If he be the King of Israel, let him now come down from the cross, and we will believe him." 6190, "Therefore prophesy and say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, O my people, I will open your graves, and cause you to come up out of your graves, and bring you into the land of Israel." 5050, "Thus saith the Lord GOD; Let it suffice you, O princes of Israel: remove violence and spoil, and execute judgment and justice, take away your exactions from my people, saith the Lord GOD." 1490, "From that time Jesus began to preach, and to say, Repent: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand." 14900, "And there were made on them, on the doors of the temple, cherubims and palm trees, like as were made upon the walls; and there were thick planks upon the face of the porch without." 1880, "In that day, saith the LORD, I will smite every horse with astonishment, and his rider with madness: and I will open mine eyes upon the house of Judah, and will smite every horse of the people with blindness." 2530, "Ye have heard that it hath been said, Thou shalt love thy neighbour, and hate thine enemy." 21300, "Ephraim is smitten, their root is dried up, they shall bear no fruit: yea, though they bring forth, yet will I slay even the beloved fruit of their womb." 1800, "Afterward shall the children of Israel return, and seek the LORD their God, and David their king; and shall fear the LORD and his goodness in the latter days." 3080, "Though he be fruitful among his brethren, an east wind shall come, the wind of the LORD shall come up from the wilderness, and his spring shall become dry, and his fountain shall be dried up: he shall spoil the treasure of all pleasant vessels." 2000, "Then the Pharisees went out, and held a council against him, how they might destroy him." 3810, "But I will send a fire upon Judah, and it shall devour the palaces of Jerusalem." 2370, "Thus saith the Lord GOD; In the day when he went down to the grave I caused a mourning: I covered the deep for him, and I restrained the floods thereof, and the great waters were stayed: and I caused Lebanon to mourn for him, and all the trees of the field fainted for him." 1730, "Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven." 34400, "Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye compass sea and land to make one proselyte, and when he is made, ye make him twofold more the child of hell than yourselves." 8540, "He shall not return into the land of Egypt, but the Assyrian shall be his king, because they refused to return." 2370, "And seeing the multitudes, he went up into a mountain: and when he was set, his disciples came unto him:" 9650, "I will also cause all her mirth to cease, her feast days, her new moons, and her sabbaths, and all her solemn feasts." 2340, "And now we call the proud happy; yea, they that work wickedness are set up; yea, they that tempt God are even delivered." 2940, "And said unto him, Art thou he that should come, or do we look for another?" 17700, "And when Joseph had taken the body, he wrapped it in a clean linen cloth," 6010, "So the last shall be first, and the first last: for many be called, but few chosen." 8640, "They shall walk after the LORD: he shall roar like a lion: when he shall roar, then the children shall tremble from the west." 2550, "If thieves came to thee, if robbers by night, (how art thou cut off!) would they not have stolen till they had enough? if the grapegatherers came to thee, would they not leave some grapes?" 2350, "Behold, the days come, saith the Lord GOD, that I will send a famine in the land, not a famine of bread, nor a thirst for water, but of hearing the words of the LORD:" 8230, "And I scattered them among the heathen, and they were dispersed through the countries: according to their way and according to their doings I judged them." 2050, "Now at that feast the governor was wont to release unto the people a prisoner, whom they would." 3350, "The meat offering and the drink offering is cut off from the house of the LORD; the priests, the LORD'S ministers, mourn." 2130, "Seek good, and not evil, that ye may live: and so the LORD, the God of hosts, shall be with you, as ye have spoken." 2470, "The LORD also shall save the tents of Judah first, that the glory of the house of David and the glory of the inhabitants of Jerusalem do not magnify themselves against Judah." 2570, "And it shall come to pass, that as ye were a curse among the heathen, O house of Judah, and house of Israel; so will I save you, and ye shall be a blessing: fear not, but let your hands be strong." 2010, "And I will multiply upon you man and beast; and they shall increase and bring fruit: and I will settle you after your old estates, and will do better unto you than at your beginnings: and ye shall know that I am the LORD." 2240, "But John forbad him, saying, I have need to be baptized of thee, and comest thou to me?" 5840, "And of the ten horns that were in his head, and of the other which came up, and before whom three fell; even of that horn that had eyes, and a mouth that spake very great things, whose look was more stout than his fellows." 3750, "The beginning of the gospel of Jesus Christ, the Son of God;" 376000, "Declare ye it not at Gath, weep ye not at all: in the house of Aphrah roll thyself in the dust." 1870, "And they shall be as mighty men, which tread down their enemies in the mire of the streets in the battle: and they shall fight, because the LORD is with them, and the riders on horses shall be confounded." 1730, "And Simon Peter answered and said, Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God." 19000, "All these are the beginning of sorrows." 35500, "And I will rebuke the devourer for your sakes, and he shall not destroy the fruits of your ground; neither shall your vine cast her fruit before the time in the field, saith the LORD of hosts." 5270, "But woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye shut up the kingdom of heaven against men: for ye neither go in yourselves, neither suffer ye them that are entering to go in." 7650, "And they were scattered, because there is no shepherd: and they became meat to all the beasts of the field, when they were scattered." 3150, "Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness: for they shall be filled." 247, "And go quickly, and tell his disciples that he is risen from the dead; and, behold, he goeth before you into Galilee; there shall ye see him: lo, I have told you." 6530, "And when the chief priests and Pharisees had heard his parables, they perceived that he spake of them." 3730, "And they say unto him, We have here but five loaves, and two fishes." 3990, "But ye have profaned it, in that ye say, The table of the LORD is polluted; and the fruit thereof, even his meat, is contemptible." 2040, "And, behold, one came and said unto him, Good Master, what good thing shall I do, that I may have eternal life?" 9220, "After many days thou shalt be visited: in the latter years thou shalt come into the land that is brought back from the sword, and is gathered out of many people, against the mountains of Israel, which have been always waste: but it is brought forth out of the nations, and they shall dwell safely all of them." 3850, "Then said Jesus unto his disciples, Verily I say unto you, That a rich man shall hardly enter into the kingdom of heaven." 6510, "And why take ye thought for raiment? Consider the lilies of the field, how they grow; they toil not, neither do they spin:" 12300, "For her wound is incurable; for it is come unto Judah; he is come unto the gate of my people, even to Jerusalem." 1690, "He shall also set his face to enter with the strength of his whole kingdom, and upright ones with him; thus shall he do: and he shall give him the daughter of women, corrupting her: but she shall not stand on his side, neither be for him." 2080, "And thou his son, O Belshazzar, hast not humbled thine heart, though thou knewest all this;" 2810, "But he answered and said unto them, An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas:" 6730, "And it shall come to pass in that day, that I will seek to destroy all the nations that come against Jerusalem." 11600, "Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls." 33000, "Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye devour widows' houses, and for a pretence make long prayer: therefore ye shall receive the greater damnation." 6590, "There is one come out of thee, that imagineth evil against the LORD, a wicked counsellor." 3510, "Therefore, son of man, prophesy and say unto Gog, Thus saith the Lord GOD; In that day when my people of Israel dwelleth safely, shalt thou not know it?" 2460, "The kingdom of heaven is like unto a certain king, which made a marriage for his son," 7280, "And it shall come to pass in that day, saith the Lord GOD, that I will cause the sun to go down at noon, and I will darken the earth in the clear day:" 3760, "And he shall send his angels with a great sound of a trumpet, and they shall gather together his elect from the four winds, from one end of heaven to the other." 19000, "So he came near where I stood: and when he came, I was afraid, and fell upon my face: but he said unto me, Understand, O son of man: for at the time of the end shall be the vision." 2490, "Pharaoh shall see them, and shall be comforted over all his multitude, even Pharaoh and all his army slain by the sword, saith the Lord GOD." 1630, "But as the days of Noe were, so shall also the coming of the Son of man be." 13900, "And ye shall know that I am the LORD, when I have opened your graves, O my people, and brought you up out of your graves," 5190, "They shall run like mighty men; they shall climb the wall like men of war; and they shall march every one on his ways, and they shall not break their ranks:" 3100, "At that time will I bring you again, even in the time that I gather you: for I will make you a name and a praise among all people of the earth, when I turn back your captivity before your eyes, saith the LORD." 2140, "And the five thousand, that are left in the breadth over against the five and twenty thousand, shall be a profane place for the city, for dwelling, and for suburbs: and the city shall be in the midst thereof." 1650, "And when he sowed, some seeds fell by the way side, and the fowls came and devoured them up:" 5660, "Then said he unto me, The north chambers and the south chambers, which are before the separate place, they be holy chambers, where the priests that approach unto the LORD shall eat the most holy things: there shall they lay the most holy things, and the meat offering, and the sin offering, and the trespass offering; for the place is holy." 1710, "Then shall stand up in his estate a raiser of taxes in the glory of the kingdom: but within few days he shall be destroyed, neither in anger, nor in battle." 2830, "Because ye have thrust with side and with shoulder, and pushed all the diseased with your horns, till ye have scattered them abroad;" 2030, "Whose fan is in his hand, and he will throughly purge his floor, and gather his wheat into the garner; but he will burn up the chaff with unquenchable fire." 6460, "All things are delivered unto me of my Father: and no man knoweth the Son, but the Father; neither knoweth any man the Father, save the Son, and he to whomsoever the Son will reveal him." 6570, "Shouldest not thou also have had compassion on thy fellowservant, even as I had pity on thee?" 4630, "The appearance of them is as the appearance of horses; and as horsemen, so shall they run." 3290, "And he took the cup, and gave thanks, and gave it to them, saying, Drink ye all of it;" 12400, "And there went out unto him all the land of Judaea, and they of Jerusalem, and were all baptized of him in the river of Jordan, confessing their sins." 5470, "And seven days of the feast he shall prepare a burnt offering to the LORD, seven bullocks and seven rams without blemish daily the seven days; and a kid of the goats daily for a sin offering." 1870, "And the settle shall be fourteen cubits long and fourteen broad in the four squares thereof; and the border about it shall be half a cubit; and the bottom thereof shall be a cubit about; and his stairs shall look toward the east." 2330, "And the brother shall deliver up the brother to death, and the father the child: and the children shall rise up against their parents, and cause them to be put to death." 7210, "Every tree that bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire." 18900, "To the Lord our God belong mercies and forgivenesses, though we have rebelled against him;" 3650, "Jesus, when he had cried again with a loud voice, yielded up the ghost." 8630, "I hate, I despise your feast days, and I will not smell in your solemn assemblies." 3320, "Think not that I am come to send peace on earth: I came not to send peace, but a sword." 33600, "They also went down into hell with him unto them that be slain with the sword; and they that were his arm, that dwelt under his shadow in the midst of the heathen." 2140, "And he touched her hand, and the fever left her: and she arose, and ministered unto them." 4240, "The glory of this latter house shall be greater than of the former, saith the LORD of hosts: and in this place will I give peace, saith the LORD of hosts." 3930, "And the vision of the evening and the morning which was told is true: wherefore shut thou up the vision; for it shall be for many days." 2750, "The holy portion of the land shall be for the priests the ministers of the sanctuary, which shall come near to minister unto the LORD: and it shall be a place for their houses, and an holy place for the sanctuary." 247, "Therefore the law is slacked, and judgment doth never go forth: for the wicked doth compass about the righteous; therefore wrong judgment proceedeth." 2220, "And I Daniel fainted, and was sick certain days; afterward I rose up, and did the king's business; and I was astonished at the vision, but none understood it." 2440, "Therefore whosoever heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them, I will liken him unto a wise man, which built his house upon a rock:" 14400, "As it is written in the prophets, Behold, I send my messenger before thy face, which shall prepare thy way before thee." 4580, "Thou art filled with shame for glory: drink thou also, and let thy foreskin be uncovered: the cup of the LORD'S right hand shall be turned unto thee, and shameful spewing shall be on thy glory." 2080, "But go ye and learn what that meaneth, I will have mercy, and not sacrifice: for I am not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance." 6590, "And the songs of the temple shall be howlings in that day, saith the Lord GOD: there shall be many dead bodies in every place; they shall cast them forth with silence." 2420, "And say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against thee, O Gog, the chief prince of Meshech and Tubal:" 5120, "And he said unto them, Take me up, and cast me forth into the sea; so shall the sea be calm unto you: for I know that for my sake this great tempest is upon you." 2870, "And I answered again, and said unto him, What be these two olive branches which through the two golden pipes empty the golden oil out of themselves?" 2870, "Pass ye away, thou inhabitant of Saphir, having thy shame naked: the inhabitant of Zaanan came not forth in the mourning of Bethezel; he shall receive of you his standing." 1920, "Then Daniel, whose name was Belteshazzar, was astonied for one hour, and his thoughts troubled him. The king spake, and said, Belteshazzar, let not the dream, or the interpretation thereof, trouble thee. Belteshazzar answered and said, My lord, the dream be to them that hate thee, and the interpretation thereof to thine enemies." 2110, "Then the devil taketh him up into the holy city, and setteth him on a pinnacle of the temple," 7290, "Simon the Canaanite, and Judas Iscariot, who also betrayed him." 7690, "For how can the servant of this my lord talk with this my lord? for as for me, straightway there remained no strength in me, neither is there breath left in me." 2580, "And in the end of years they shall join themselves together; for the king's daughter of the south shall come to the king of the north to make an agreement: but she shall not retain the power of the arm; neither shall he stand, nor his arm: but she shall be given up, and they that brought her, and he that begat her, and he that strengthened her in these times." 2010, "And they that passed by reviled him, wagging their heads," 5030, "They are all adulterers, as an oven heated by the baker, who ceaseth from raising after he hath kneaded the dough, until it be leavened." 1790, "And he informed me, and talked with me, and said, O Daniel, I am now come forth to give thee skill and understanding." 3140, "Yea, all the people of the land shall bury them; and it shall be to them a renown the day that I shall be glorified, saith the Lord GOD." 2280, "Son of man, set thy face against mount Seir, and prophesy against it," 1930, "Ye have said, It is vain to serve God: and what profit is it that we have kept his ordinance, and that we have walked mournfully before the LORD of hosts?" 3020, "And the LORD took me as I followed the flock, and the LORD said unto me, Go, prophesy unto my people Israel." 2030, "For the priest's lips should keep knowledge, and they should seek the law at his mouth: for he is the messenger of the LORD of hosts." 3930, "Ye that put far away the evil day, and cause the seat of violence to come near;" 2370, "At the west side four thousand and five hundred, with their three gates; one gate of Gad, one gate of Asher, one gate of Naphtali." 2070, "Then said Haggai, If one that is unclean by a dead body touch any of these, shall it be unclean? And the priests answered and said, It shall be unclean." 2150, "Afterward came also the other virgins, saying, Lord, Lord, open to us." 8510, "And great multitudes came unto him, having with them those that were lame, blind, dumb, maimed, and many others, and cast them down at Jesus' feet; and he healed them:" 3350, "The LORD'S voice crieth unto the city, and the man of wisdom shall see thy name: hear ye the rod, and who hath appointed it." 2350, "And Jesus went about all the cities and villages, teaching in their synagogues, and preaching the gospel of the kingdom, and healing every sickness and every disease among the people." 5690, "Then saith he unto his disciples, The harvest truly is plenteous, but the labourers are few;" 11100, "Then shall ye return, and discern between the righteous and the wicked, between him that serveth God and him that serveth him not." 4460, "But cursed be the deceiver, which hath in his flock a male, and voweth, and sacrificeth unto the Lord a corrupt thing: for I am a great King, saith the LORD of hosts, and my name is dreadful among the heathen." 3460, "And both these kings' hearts shall be to do mischief, and they shall speak lies at one table; but it shall not prosper: for yet the end shall be at the time appointed." 2360, "And he answered and said, He that dippeth his hand with me in the dish, the same shall betray me." 4820, "The king answered and said to Daniel, whose name was Belteshazzar, Art thou able to make known unto me the dream which I have seen, and the interpretation thereof?" 2630, "At that time Herod the tetrarch heard of the fame of Jesus," 4400, "I will not punish your daughters when they commit whoredom, nor your spouses when they commit adultery: for themselves are separated with whores, and they sacrifice with harlots: therefore the people that doth not understand shall fall." 1820, "But the very hairs of your head are all numbered." 30700, "Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost:" 42800, "And for the majesty that he gave him, all people, nations, and languages, trembled and feared before him: whom he would he slew; and whom he would he kept alive; and whom he would he set up; and whom he would he put down." 2170, "And all the graven images thereof shall be beaten to pieces, and all the hires thereof shall be burned with the fire, and all the idols thereof will I lay desolate: for she gathered it of the hire of an harlot, and they shall return to the hire of an harlot." 1790, "And the same John had his raiment of camel's hair, and a leathern girdle about his loins; and his meat was locusts and wild honey." 5290, "Saying, Let us alone; what have we to do with thee, thou Jesus of Nazareth? art thou come to destroy us? I know thee who thou art, the Holy One of God." 6400, "Nor scrip for your journey, neither two coats, neither shoes, nor yet staves: for the workman is worthy of his meat." 3980, "They shall go with their flocks and with their herds to seek the LORD; but they shall not find him; he hath withdrawn himself from them." 1820, "A day of darkness and of gloominess, a day of clouds and of thick darkness, as the morning spread upon the mountains: a great people and a strong; there hath not been ever the like, neither shall be any more after it, even to the years of many generations." 4030, "Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven." 33900, "And a portion shall be for the prince on the one side and on the other side of the oblation of the holy portion, and of the possession of the city, before the oblation of the holy portion, and before the possession of the city, from the west side westward, and from the east side eastward: and the length shall be over against one of the portions, from the west border unto the east border." 1550, "The length of the porch was twenty cubits, and the breadth eleven cubits; and he brought me by the steps whereby they went up to it: and there were pillars by the posts, one on this side, and another on that side." 231, "That thou appear not unto men to fast, but unto thy Father which is in secret: and thy Father, which seeth in secret, shall reward thee openly." 6650, "And as ye go, preach, saying, The kingdom of heaven is at hand." 11200, "And I will make them and the places round about my hill a blessing; and I will cause the shower to come down in his season; there shall be showers of blessing." 3830, "Then the king arose very early in the morning, and went in haste unto the den of lions." 2600, "For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light." 69200, "And as the toes of the feet were part of iron, and part of clay, so the kingdom shall be partly strong, and partly broken." 4970, "The king answered and said to the Chaldeans, The thing is gone from me: if ye will not make known unto me the dream, with the interpretation thereof, ye shall be cut in pieces, and your houses shall be made a dunghill." 2160, "When they had sent unto the house of God Sherezer and Regemmelech, and their men, to pray before the LORD," 243, "But be not ye called Rabbi: for one is your Master, even Christ; and all ye are brethren." 7400, "But if I cast out devils by the Spirit of God, then the kingdom of God is come unto you." 10100, "And the residue in length over against the oblation of the holy portion shall be ten thousand eastward, and ten thousand westward: and it shall be over against the oblation of the holy portion; and the increase thereof shall be for food unto them that serve the city." 250, "I know Ephraim, and Israel is not hid from me: for now, O Ephraim, thou committest whoredom, and Israel is defiled." 1760, "And ye shall inherit it, one as well as another: concerning the which I lifted up mine hand to give it unto your fathers: and this land shall fall unto you for inheritance." 1780, "That at what time ye hear the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, dulcimer, and all kinds of musick, ye fall down and worship the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king hath set up:" 2640, "Woe to them that are at ease in Zion, and trust in the mountain of Samaria, which are named chief of the nations, to whom the house of Israel came!" 2050, "And while they abode in Galilee, Jesus said unto them, The Son of man shall be betrayed into the hands of men:" 3100, "For then will I turn to the people a pure language, that they may all call upon the name of the LORD, to serve him with one consent." 4810, "Jesus saith unto him, Thou hast said: nevertheless I say unto you, Hereafter shall ye see the Son of man sitting on the right hand of power, and coming in the clouds of heaven." 5470, "Of this there shall be for the sanctuary five hundred in length, with five hundred in breadth, square round about; and fifty cubits round about for the suburbs thereof." 1400, "Honour thy father and thy mother: and, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself." 13300, "Who is left among you that saw this house in her first glory? and how do ye see it now? is it not in your eyes in comparison of it as nothing?" 2600, "All their wickedness is in Gilgal: for there I hated them: for the wickedness of their doings I will drive them out of mine house, I will love them no more: all their princes are revolters." 2080, "I will also leave in the midst of thee an afflicted and poor people, and they shall trust in the name of the LORD." 2160, "And the pride of Israel testifieth to his face: and they do not return to the LORD their God, nor seek him for all this." 1880, "He saith unto them, Moses because of the hardness of your hearts suffered you to put away your wives: but from the beginning it was not so." 6170, "For they were in three stories, but had not pillars as the pillars of the courts: therefore the building was straitened more than the lowest and the middlemost from the ground." 1580, "And I will strengthen them in the LORD; and they shall walk up and down in his name, saith the LORD." 5530, "Then all those virgins arose, and trimmed their lamps." 12500, "Therefore thus saith the LORD; Behold, against this family do I devise an evil, from which ye shall not remove your necks; neither shall ye go haughtily: for this time is evil." 1760, "And after a while came unto him they that stood by, and said to Peter, Surely thou also art one of them; for thy speech bewrayeth thee." 3080, "They eat up the sin of my people, and they set their heart on their iniquity." 2960, "They shall not dwell in the LORD'S land; but Ephraim shall return to Egypt, and they shall eat unclean things in Assyria." 1840, "Then shall he say also unto them on the left hand, Depart from me, ye cursed, into everlasting fire, prepared for the devil and his angels:" 18300, "Neither will I cause men to hear in thee the shame of the heathen any more, neither shalt thou bear the reproach of the people any more, neither shalt thou cause thy nations to fall any more, saith the Lord GOD." 2190, "Now, O king, establish the decree, and sign the writing, that it be not changed, according to the law of the Medes and Persians, which altereth not." 2270, "But what went ye out for to see? A prophet? yea, I say unto you, and more than a prophet." 6520, "And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake: but he that endureth to the end shall be saved." 12600, "And God saw their works, that they turned from their evil way; and God repented of the evil, that he had said that he would do unto them; and he did it not." 4230, "And when the disciples heard it, they fell on their face, and were sore afraid." 5460, "The beasts of the field cry also unto thee: for the rivers of waters are dried up, and the fire hath devoured the pastures of the wilderness." 2110, "She is empty, and void, and waste: and the heart melteth, and the knees smite together, and much pain is in all loins, and the faces of them all gather blackness." 1990, "When I would have healed Israel, then the iniquity of Ephraim was discovered, and the wickedness of Samaria: for they commit falsehood; and the thief cometh in, and the troop of robbers spoileth without." 1760, "O thou that art named the house of Jacob, is the spirit of the LORD straitened? are these his doings? do not my words do good to him that walketh uprightly?" 1980, "Say unto them, As I live, saith the Lord GOD, I have no pleasure in the death of the wicked; but that the wicked turn from his way and live: turn ye, turn ye from your evil ways; for why will ye die, O house of Israel?" 5240, "Thus hath the Lord GOD shewed unto me: and, behold, the Lord GOD called to contend by fire, and it devoured the great deep, and did eat up a part." 2290, "But when they persecute you in this city, flee ye into another: for verily I say unto you, Ye shall not have gone over the cities of Israel, till the Son of man be come." 5010, "For, behold, I will shake mine hand upon them, and they shall be a spoil to their servants: and ye shall know that the LORD of hosts hath sent me." 1900, "This is the oblation that ye shall offer; the sixth part of an ephah of an homer of wheat, and ye shall give the sixth part of an ephah of an homer of barley:" 1420, "And the arches thereof were toward the outward court; and palm trees were upon the posts thereof, on this side, and on that side: and the going up to it had eight steps." 236, "Whose graves are set in the sides of the pit, and her company is round about her grave: all of them slain, fallen by the sword, which caused terror in the land of the living." 1790, "Or when saw we thee sick, or in prison, and came unto thee?" 13200, "In that ye have brought into my sanctuary strangers, uncircumcised in heart, and uncircumcised in flesh, to be in my sanctuary, to pollute it, even my house, when ye offer my bread, the fat and the blood, and they have broken my covenant because of all your abominations." 1670, "I have sent among you the pestilence after the manner of Egypt: your young men have I slain with the sword, and have taken away your horses; and I have made the stink of your camps to come up unto your nostrils: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith the LORD." 2140, "And when his disciples were come to the other side, they had forgotten to take bread." 3930, "Which indeed is the least of all seeds: but when it is grown, it is the greatest among herbs, and becometh a tree, so that the birds of the air come and lodge in the branches thereof." 5020, "The burden of the word of the LORD in the land of Hadrach, and Damascus shall be the rest thereof: when the eyes of man, as of all the tribes of Israel, shall be toward the LORD." 2030, "Neither shalt thou swear by thy head, because thou canst not make one hair white or black." 7640, "And offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving with leaven, and proclaim and publish the free offerings: for this liketh you, O ye children of Israel, saith the Lord GOD." 1870, "Behold upon the mountains the feet of him that bringeth good tidings, that publisheth peace! O Judah, keep thy solemn feasts, perform thy vows: for the wicked shall no more pass through thee; he is utterly cut off." 2060, "Deliver thyself, O Zion, that dwellest with the daughter of Babylon." 2460, "This is the first and great commandment." 43800, "And he went out about the third hour, and saw others standing idle in the marketplace," 4880, "Then came the word of the LORD of hosts unto me, saying," 1970, "And say unto it, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, O mount Seir, I am against thee, and I will stretch out mine hand against thee, and I will make thee most desolate." 1850, "According to their uncleanness and according to their transgressions have I done unto them, and hid my face from them." 1970, "Hear now, O Joshua the high priest, thou, and thy fellows that sit before thee: for they are men wondered at: for, behold, I will bring forth my servant the BRANCH." 2760, "But he answered her not a word. And his disciples came and besought him, saying, Send her away; for she crieth after us." 5710, "And then shall many be offended, and shall betray one another, and shall hate one another." 14400, "And it shall come to pass at the same time when Gog shall come against the land of Israel, saith the Lord GOD, that my fury shall come up in my face." 3150, "It is he that buildeth his stories in the heaven, and hath founded his troop in the earth; he that calleth for the waters of the sea, and poureth them out upon the face of the earth: The LORD is his name." 1840, "And all the people were amazed, and said, Is not this the son of David?" 29300, "Then said God, Call his name Loammi: for ye are not my people, and I will not be your God." 2380, "But he that received seed into the good ground is he that heareth the word, and understandeth it; which also beareth fruit, and bringeth forth, some an hundredfold, some sixty, some thirty." 4990, "And in the four and twentieth day of the first month, as I was by the side of the great river, which is Hiddekel;" 2490, "But Jesus called them unto him, and said, Ye know that the princes of the Gentiles exercise dominion over them, and they that are great exercise authority upon them." 5200, "And I said, Let them set a fair mitre upon his head. So they set a fair mitre upon his head, and clothed him with garments. And the angel of the LORD stood by." 2400, "Pilate saith unto them, What shall I do then with Jesus which is called Christ? They all say unto him, Let him be crucified." 4140, "But ye are departed out of the way; ye have caused many to stumble at the law; ye have corrupted the covenant of Levi, saith the LORD of hosts." 2600, "And they that understand among the people shall instruct many: yet they shall fall by the sword, and by flame, by captivity, and by spoil, many days." 4560, "Ashkelon shall see it, and fear; Gaza also shall see it, and be very sorrowful, and Ekron; for her expectation shall be ashamed; and the king shall perish from Gaza, and Ashkelon shall not be inhabited." 2150, "God came from Teman, and the Holy One from mount Paran. Selah. His glory covered the heavens, and the earth was full of his praise." 3150, "Speak now to Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, governor of Judah, and to Joshua the son of Josedech, the high priest, and to the residue of the people, saying," 2490, "The remnant of Israel shall not do iniquity, nor speak lies; neither shall a deceitful tongue be found in their mouth: for they shall feed and lie down, and none shall make them afraid." 2590, "Then the princes, the governors, and captains, the judges, the treasurers, the counsellors, the sheriffs, and all the rulers of the provinces, were gathered together unto the dedication of the image that Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up; and they stood before the image that Nebuchadnezzar had set up." 2190, "Then came his disciples, and said unto him, Knowest thou that the Pharisees were offended, after they heard this saying?" 3640, "Wherefore I say unto you, All manner of sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men: but the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost shall not be forgiven unto men." 9770, "Now when John had heard in the prison the works of Christ, he sent two of his disciples," 8340, "Neither will I hide my face any more from them: for I have poured out my spirit upon the house of Israel, saith the Lord GOD." 2670, "In that day shall one take up a parable against you, and lament with a doleful lamentation, and say, We be utterly spoiled: he hath changed the portion of my people: how hath he removed it from me! turning away he hath divided our fields." 1790, "Ye Ethiopians also, ye shall be slain by my sword." 2280, "And they were offended in him. But Jesus said unto them, A prophet is not without honour, save in his own country, and in his own house." 4090, "Even so ye also outwardly appear righteous unto men, but within ye are full of hypocrisy and iniquity." 7280, "Then the king made Daniel a great man, and gave him many great gifts, and made him ruler over the whole province of Babylon, and chief of the governors over all the wise men of Babylon." 2510, "But when his heart was lifted up, and his mind hardened in pride, he was deposed from his kingly throne, and they took his glory from him:" 2280, "And when the man that had the line in his hand went forth eastward, he measured a thousand cubits, and he brought me through the waters; the waters were to the ankles." 2450, "Rejoice, and be exceeding glad: for great is your reward in heaven: for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you." 18300, "Daniel answered in the presence of the king, and said, The secret which the king hath demanded cannot the wise men, the astrologers, the magicians, the soothsayers, shew unto the king;" 3290, "So shall ye know that I am the LORD your God dwelling in Zion, my holy mountain: then shall Jerusalem be holy, and there shall no strangers pass through her any more." 2580, "And said, For this cause shall a man leave father and mother, and shall cleave to his wife: and they twain shall be one flesh?" 12900, "And thou shalt offer them before the LORD, and the priests shall cast salt upon them, and they shall offer them up for a burnt offering unto the LORD." 2340, "And a very great multitude spread their garments in the way; others cut down branches from the trees, and strawed them in the way." 3750, "For the transgression of Jacob is all this, and for the sins of the house of Israel. What is the transgression of Jacob? is it not Samaria? and what are the high places of Judah? are they not Jerusalem?" 2750, "Then Joseph her husband, being a just man, and not willing to make her a publick example, was minded to put her away privily." 5220, "And the shekel shall be twenty gerahs: twenty shekels, five and twenty shekels, fifteen shekels, shall be your maneh." 1620, "I indeed baptize you with water unto repentance: but he that cometh after me is mightier than I, whose shoes I am not worthy to bear: he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost, and with fire:" 10600, "And when I shall put thee out, I will cover the heaven, and make the stars thereof dark; I will cover the sun with a cloud, and the moon shall not give her light." 2290, "The hands of Zerubbabel have laid the foundation of this house; his hands shall also finish it; and thou shalt know that the LORD of hosts hath sent me unto you." 3050, "Now when the even was come, he sat down with the twelve." 10700, "For the earth shall be filled with the knowledge of the glory of the LORD, as the waters cover the sea." 22500, "Then Peter took him, and began to rebuke him, saying, Be it far from thee, Lord: this shall not be unto thee." 5460, "And about the eleventh hour he went out, and found others standing idle, and saith unto them, Why stand ye here all the day idle?" 4780, "And they did all eat, and were filled: and they took up of the broken meat that was left seven baskets full." 3100, "The baptism of John, whence was it? from heaven, or of men? And they reasoned with themselves, saying, If we shall say, From heaven; he will say unto us, Why did ye not then believe him?" 3560, "There shall the fire devour thee; the sword shall cut thee off, it shall eat thee up like the cankerworm: make thyself many as the cankerworm, make thyself many as the locusts." 2050, "And when they entered unto the heathen, whither they went, they profaned my holy name, when they said to them, These are the people of the LORD, and are gone forth out of his land." 1980, "Then was fulfilled that which was spoken by Jeremy the prophet, saying, And they took the thirty pieces of silver, the price of him that was valued, whom they of the children of Israel did value;" 4010, "When Jesus heard of it, he departed thence by ship into a desert place apart: and when the people had heard thereof, they followed him on foot out of the cities." 3030, "Then cometh Jesus from Galilee to Jordan unto John, to be baptized of him." 7860, "And whosoever shall compel thee to go a mile, go with him twain." 9530, "My God will cast them away, because they did not hearken unto him: and they shall be wanderers among the nations." 1940, "And the pride of Israel doth testify to his face: therefore shall Israel and Ephraim fall in their iniquity; Judah also shall fall with them." 1830, "And the princes, governors, and captains, and the king's counsellors, being gathered together, saw these men, upon whose bodies the fire had no power, nor was an hair of their head singed, neither were their coats changed, nor the smell of fire had passed on them." 2180, "And when he was gone out into the porch, another maid saw him, and said unto them that were there, This fellow was also with Jesus of Nazareth." 3500, "Even of late my people is risen up as an enemy: ye pull off the robe with the garment from them that pass by securely as men averse from war." 1570, "Neither shall they defile themselves any more with their idols, nor with their detestable things, nor with any of their transgressions: but I will save them out of all their dwellingplaces, wherein they have sinned, and will cleanse them: so shall they be my people, and I will be their God." 2190, "And as they came down from the mountain, Jesus charged them, saying, Tell the vision to no man, until the Son of man be risen again from the dead." 4690, "And the sticks whereon thou writest shall be in thine hand before their eyes." 3820, "Before the decree bring forth, before the day pass as the chaff, before the fierce anger of the LORD come upon you, before the day of the LORD'S anger come upon you." 2700, "Can two walk together, except they be agreed?" 23100, "Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Consider your ways." 5320, "And when he was accused of the chief priests and elders, he answered nothing." 4180, "While he yet talked to the people, behold, his mother and his brethren stood without, desiring to speak with him." 4060, "Yet they shall be ministers in my sanctuary, having charge at the gates of the house, and ministering to the house: they shall slay the burnt offering and the sacrifice for the people, and they shall stand before them to minister unto them." 1880, "Then one said unto him, Behold, thy mother and thy brethren stand without, desiring to speak with thee." 5160, "Hamath, Berothah, Sibraim, which is between the border of Damascus and the border of Hamath; Hazarhatticon, which is by the coast of Hauran." 1800, "And when the multitude heard this, they were astonished at his doctrine." 11900, "The shield of his mighty men is made red, the valiant men are in scarlet: the chariots shall be with flaming torches in the day of his preparation, and the fir trees shall be terribly shaken." 2260, "And many false prophets shall rise, and shall deceive many." 31400, "And a mighty king shall stand up, that shall rule with great dominion, and do according to his will." 2980, "Immediately after the tribulation of those days shall the sun be darkened, and the moon shall not give her light, and the stars shall fall from heaven, and the powers of the heavens shall be shaken:" 20200, "Then shall the righteous answer him, saying, Lord, when saw we thee an hungred, and fed thee? or thirsty, and gave thee drink?" 10100, "And said, O man greatly beloved, fear not: peace be unto thee, be strong, yea, be strong. And when he had spoken unto me, I was strengthened, and said, Let my lord speak; for thou hast strengthened me." 2550, "They shall not offer wine offerings to the LORD, neither shall they be pleasing unto him: their sacrifices shall be unto them as the bread of mourners; all that eat thereof shall be polluted: for their bread for their soul shall not come into the house of the LORD." 1240, "Therefore will he give them up, until the time that she which travaileth hath brought forth: then the remnant of his brethren shall return unto the children of Israel." 2300, "But I will send a fire on the wall of Gaza, which shall devour the palaces thereof:" 2390, "And he brought me to the north gate, and measured it according to these measures;" 1970, "The altar of wood was three cubits high, and the length thereof two cubits; and the corners thereof, and the length thereof, and the walls thereof, were of wood: and he said unto me, This is the table that is before the LORD." 1980, "For I know your manifold transgressions and your mighty sins: they afflict the just, they take a bribe, and they turn aside the poor in the gate from their right." 2270, "And when he was entered into a ship, his disciples followed him." 30300, "O LORD, how long shall I cry, and thou wilt not hear! even cry out unto thee of violence, and thou wilt not save!" 2580, "And whereas thou sawest the feet and toes, part of potters' clay, and part of iron, the kingdom shall be divided; but there shall be in it of the strength of the iron, forasmuch as thou sawest the iron mixed with miry clay." 3900, "Whether of them twain did the will of his father? They say unto him, The first. Jesus saith unto them, Verily I say unto you, That the publicans and the harlots go into the kingdom of God before you." 3920, "And there was a gate in the inner court toward the south: and he measured from gate to gate toward the south an hundred cubits." 241, "Who also eat the flesh of my people, and flay their skin from off them; and they break their bones, and chop them in pieces, as for the pot, and as flesh within the caldron." 1990, "Now the first day of the feast of unleavened bread the disciples came to Jesus, saying unto him, Where wilt thou that we prepare for thee to eat the passover?" 5440, "He that receiveth you receiveth me, and he that receiveth me receiveth him that sent me." 6930, "Be ye ashamed, O ye husbandmen; howl, O ye vinedressers, for the wheat and for the barley; because the harvest of the field is perished." 2170, "And Ezekias begat Manasses; and Manasses begat Amon; and Amon begat Josias;" 3800, "I saw in the visions of my head upon my bed, and, behold, a watcher and an holy one came down from heaven;" 3010, "And them that are turned back from the LORD; and those that have not sought the LORD, nor enquired for him." 1680, "For from the rising of the sun even unto the going down of the same my name shall be great among the Gentiles; and in every place incense shall be offered unto my name, and a pure offering: for my name shall be great among the heathen, saith the LORD of hosts." 3370, "And David my servant shall be king over them; and they all shall have one shepherd: they shall also walk in my judgments, and observe my statutes, and do them." 3430, "Wherefore if thy hand or thy foot offend thee, cut them off, and cast them from thee: it is better for thee to enter into life halt or maimed, rather than having two hands or two feet to be cast into everlasting fire." 4500, "As it is written in the law of Moses, all this evil is come upon us: yet made we not our prayer before the LORD our God, that we might turn from our iniquities, and understand thy truth." 2510, "Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will therefore spread out my net over thee with a company of many people; and they shall bring thee up in my net." 1490, "Neither do men light a candle, and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick; and it giveth light unto all that are in the house." 14700, "Verily I say unto you, All these things shall come upon this generation." 17600, "The children also of Judah and the children of Jerusalem have ye sold unto the Grecians, that ye might remove them far from their border." 2270, "And straightway Jesus constrained his disciples to get into a ship, and to go before him unto the other side, while he sent the multitudes away." 3640, "And he shall set the sheep on his right hand, but the goats on the left." 17900, "And the remnant of Jacob shall be in the midst of many people as a dew from the LORD, as the showers upon the grass, that tarrieth not for man, nor waiteth for the sons of men." 2090, "And in the morning, rising up a great while before day, he went out, and departed into a solitary place, and there prayed." 5920, "And set up over his head his accusation written, THIS IS JESUS THE KING OF THE JEWS." 5150, "Israel is an empty vine, he bringeth forth fruit unto himself: according to the multitude of his fruit he hath increased the altars; according to the goodness of his land they have made goodly images." 2150, "And he said unto him, Why callest thou me good? there is none good but one, that is, God: but if thou wilt enter into life, keep the commandments." 10800, "Thus were the visions of mine head in my bed; I saw, and behold a tree in the midst of the earth, and the height thereof was great." 2090, "And Daniel continued even unto the first year of king Cyrus." 2970, "Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Let your hands be strong, ye that hear in these days these words by the mouth of the prophets, which were in the day that the foundation of the house of the LORD of hosts was laid, that the temple might be built." 1780, "Neither the seven loaves of the four thousand, and how many baskets ye took up?" 4020, "And said, Verily I say unto you, Except ye be converted, and become as little children, ye shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven." 14200, "And the LORD spake unto the fish, and it vomited out Jonah upon the dry land." 2910, "And in the day of the new moon it shall be a young bullock without blemish, and six lambs, and a ram: they shall be without blemish." 1730, "Then were the men exceedingly afraid, and said unto him, Why hast thou done this? For the men knew that he fled from the presence of the LORD, because he had told them." 2440, "And, behold, there came a leper and worshipped him, saying, Lord, if thou wilt, thou canst make me clean." 5880, "Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name? and in thy name have cast out devils? and in thy name done many wonderful works?" 32700, "No man putteth a piece of new cloth unto an old garment, for that which is put in to fill it up taketh from the garment, and the rent is made worse." 3530, "The nations shall see and be confounded at all their might: they shall lay their hand upon their mouth, their ears shall be deaf." 2000, "The leaves thereof were fair, and the fruit thereof much, and in it was meat for all: the beasts of the field had shadow under it, and the fowls of the heaven dwelt in the boughs thereof, and all flesh was fed of it." 2490, "And the husbandmen took his servants, and beat one, and killed another, and stoned another." 4730, "Neither shall any priest drink wine, when they enter into the inner court." 2220, "And it shall come to pass, that when any shall yet prophesy, then his father and his mother that begat him shall say unto him, Thou shalt not live; for thou speakest lies in the name of the LORD: and his father and his mother that begat him shall thrust him through when he prophesieth." 2230, "And he answered and said unto them, Have ye not read, that he which made them at the beginning made them male and female," 9820, "Behold, the day of the LORD cometh, and thy spoil shall be divided in the midst of thee." 8190, "Then said these men, We shall not find any occasion against this Daniel, except we find it against him concerning the law of his God." 2810, "And he sent them to Bethlehem, and said, Go and search diligently for the young child; and when ye have found him, bring me word again, that I may come and worship him also." 6240, "Also, thou son of man, the children of thy people still are talking against thee by the walls and in the doors of the houses, and speak one to another, every one to his brother, saying, Come, I pray you, and hear what is the word that cometh forth from the LORD." 2110, "Likewise the second also, and the third, unto the seventh." 3480, "He answered and said unto them, He that soweth the good seed is the Son of man;" 7920, "Publish in the palaces at Ashdod, and in the palaces in the land of Egypt, and say, Assemble yourselves upon the mountains of Samaria, and behold the great tumults in the midst thereof, and the oppressed in the midst thereof." 2410, "Ye fools and blind: for whether is greater, the gold, or the temple that sanctifieth the gold?" 4030, "When I shall say to the righteous, that he shall surely live; if he trust to his own righteousness, and commit iniquity, all his righteousnesses shall not be remembered; but for his iniquity that he hath committed, he shall die for it." 2270, "So shall ye divide this land unto you according to the tribes of Israel." 1990, "My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge: because thou hast rejected knowledge, I will also reject thee, that thou shalt be no priest to me: seeing thou hast forgotten the law of thy God, I will also forget thy children." 16800, "Thus hath the Lord GOD shewed unto me; and, behold, he formed grasshoppers in the beginning of the shooting up of the latter growth; and, lo, it was the latter growth after the king's mowings." 2220, "And ye shall go out at the breaches, every cow at that which is before her; and ye shall cast them into the palace, saith the LORD." 1720, "And the LORD said unto me, Cast it unto the potter: a goodly price that I was prised at of them. And I took the thirty pieces of silver, and cast them to the potter in the house of the LORD." 2650, "Then Nebuchadnezzar came near to the mouth of the burning fiery furnace, and spake, and said, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, ye servants of the most high God, come forth, and come hither. Then Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, came forth of the midst of the fire." 2200, "Even he shall build the temple of the LORD; and he shall bear the glory, and shall sit and rule upon his throne; and he shall be a priest upon his throne: and the counsel of peace shall be between them both." 3320, "That thine alms may be in secret: and thy Father which seeth in secret himself shall reward thee openly." 8170, "And Asa begat Josaphat; and Josaphat begat Joram; and Joram begat Ozias;" 3960, "Also the breadth of the face of the house, and of the separate place toward the east, an hundred cubits." 1950, "When he arose, he took the young child and his mother by night, and departed into Egypt:" 6180, "Bring forth therefore fruits meet for repentance:" 9470, "For by thy words thou shalt be justified, and by thy words thou shalt be condemned." 19200, "At that time Jesus answered and said, I thank thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, because thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes." 6930, "For the violence of Lebanon shall cover thee, and the spoil of beasts, which made them afraid, because of men's blood, and for the violence of the land, of the city, and of all that dwell therein." 2120, "After this I beheld, and lo another, like a leopard, which had upon the back of it four wings of a fowl; the beast had also four heads; and dominion was given to it." 3420, "The ram which thou sawest having two horns are the kings of Media and Persia." 3300, "But if he give a gift of his inheritance to one of his servants, then it shall be his to the year of liberty; after it shall return to the prince: but his inheritance shall be his sons' for them." 1850, "For the LORD, the God of Israel, saith that he hateth putting away: for one covereth violence with his garment, saith the LORD of hosts: therefore take heed to your spirit, that ye deal not treacherously." 3610, "Therefore will I cause you to go into captivity beyond Damascus, saith the LORD, whose name is The God of hosts." 2190, "And his disciples came, and took up the body, and buried it, and went and told Jesus." 4050, "Now these are the names of the tribes. From the north end to the coast of the way of Hethlon, as one goeth to Hamath, Hazarenan, the border of Damascus northward, to the coast of Hamath; for these are his sides east and west; a portion for Dan." 238, "And the high places of Isaac shall be desolate, and the sanctuaries of Israel shall be laid waste; and I will rise against the house of Jeroboam with the sword." 2110, "And after the league made with him he shall work deceitfully: for he shall come up, and shall become strong with a small people." 3070, "He will turn again, he will have compassion upon us; he will subdue our iniquities; and thou wilt cast all their sins into the depths of the sea." 4480, "Like the noise of chariots on the tops of mountains shall they leap, like the noise of a flame of fire that devoureth the stubble, as a strong people set in battle array." 3200, "And I will smite thy bow out of thy left hand, and will cause thine arrows to fall out of thy right hand." 3670, "And Ozias begat Joatham; and Joatham begat Achaz; and Achaz begat Ezekias;" 3890, "As they went out, behold, they brought to him a dumb man possessed with a devil." 3860, "And when he was come into the temple, the chief priests and the elders of the people came unto him as he was teaching, and said, By what authority doest thou these things? and who gave thee this authority?" 3820, "He said unto them, An enemy hath done this. The servants said unto him, Wilt thou then that we go and gather them up?" 8150, "But the children of the kingdom shall be cast out into outer darkness: there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth." 13300, "Now the building that was before the separate place at the end toward the west was seventy cubits broad; and the wall of the building was five cubits thick round about, and the length thereof ninety cubits." 2070, "Wherefore they are no more twain, but one flesh. What therefore God hath joined together, let not man put asunder." 12800, "Now when they shall fall, they shall be holpen with a little help: but many shall cleave to them with flatteries." 2810, "Then was brought unto him one possessed with a devil, blind, and dumb: and he healed him, insomuch that the blind and dumb both spake and saw." 4050, "TEKEL; Thou art weighed in the balances, and art found wanting." 4490, "But my words and my statutes, which I commanded my servants the prophets, did they not take hold of your fathers? and they returned and said, Like as the LORD of hosts thought to do unto us, according to our ways, and according to our doings, so hath he dealt with us." 1790, "And the first of all the firstfruits of all things, and every oblation of all, of every sort of your oblations, shall be the priest's: ye shall also give unto the priest the first of your dough, that he may cause the blessing to rest in thine house." 1900, "Seemeth it a small thing unto you to have eaten up the good pasture, but ye must tread down with your feet the residue of your pastures? and to have drunk of the deep waters, but ye must foul the residue with your feet?" 2680, "And when they were departed, behold, the angel of the Lord appeareth to Joseph in a dream, saying, Arise, and take the young child and his mother, and flee into Egypt, and be thou there until I bring thee word: for Herod will seek the young child to destroy him." 5430, "Verily I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven: and whatsoever ye shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven." 9930, "For, lo, I will raise up a shepherd in the land, which shall not visit those that be cut off, neither shall seek the young one, nor heal that that is broken, nor feed that that standeth still: but he shall eat the flesh of the fat, and tear their claws in pieces." 2300, "Ye have sown much, and bring in little; ye eat, but ye have not enough; ye drink, but ye are not filled with drink; ye clothe you, but there is none warm; and he that earneth wages earneth wages to put it into a bag with holes." 3550, "And if thine eye offend thee, pluck it out, and cast it from thee: it is better for thee to enter into life with one eye, rather than having two eyes to be cast into hell fire." 6110, "And when this cometh to pass, (lo, it will come,) then shall they know that a prophet hath been among them." 2010, "So the altar shall be four cubits; and from the altar and upward shall be four horns." 2460, "And all the city was gathered together at the door." 30100, "The high places also of Aven, the sin of Israel, shall be destroyed: the thorn and the thistle shall come up on their altars; and they shall say to the mountains, Cover us; and to the hills, Fall on us." 2060, "How are the things of Esau searched out! how are his hidden things sought up!" 3060, "Be not afraid, ye beasts of the field: for the pastures of the wilderness do spring, for the tree beareth her fruit, the fig tree and the vine do yield their strength." 3110, "But go thou thy way till the end be: for thou shalt rest, and stand in thy lot at the end of the days." 4550, "When they had heard these words, they marvelled, and left him, and went their way." 7280, "And they consider not in their hearts that I remember all their wickedness: now their own doings have beset them about; they are before my face." 1620, "I will consume man and beast; I will consume the fowls of the heaven, and the fishes of the sea, and the stumblingblocks with the wicked; and I will cut off man from off the land, saith the LORD." 1980, "And the LORD God prepared a gourd, and made it to come up over Jonah, that it might be a shadow over his head, to deliver him from his grief. So Jonah was exceeding glad of the gourd." 2230, "And Jesus went forth, and saw a great multitude, and was moved with compassion toward them, and he healed their sick." 4180, "Ye fools and blind: for whether is greater, the gift, or the altar that sanctifieth the gift?" 4000, "Again the word of the LORD of hosts came to me, saying," 23300, "So again have I thought in these days to do well unto Jerusalem and to the house of Judah: fear ye not." 1700, "And by the border of Dan, from the east side unto the west side, a portion for Asher." 1800, "And these are the goings out of the city on the north side, four thousand and five hundred measures." 2260, "Remember ye the law of Moses my servant, which I commanded unto him in Horeb for all Israel, with the statutes and judgments." 4670, "And the LORD said unto him, Call his name Jezreel; for yet a little while, and I will avenge the blood of Jezreel upon the house of Jehu, and will cause to cease the kingdom of the house of Israel." 2290, "And Jesus went about all Galilee, teaching in their synagogues, and preaching the gospel of the kingdom, and healing all manner of sickness and all manner of disease among the people." 7300, "Or if he ask a fish, will he give him a serpent?" 18800, "Then was Daniel brought in before the king. And the king spake and said unto Daniel, Art thou that Daniel, which art of the children of the captivity of Judah, whom the king my father brought out of Jewry?" 2210, "Concerning the ordinance of oil, the bath of oil, ye shall offer the tenth part of a bath out of the cor, which is an homer of ten baths; for ten baths are an homer:" 1610, "Woe to him that buildeth a town with blood, and stablisheth a city by iniquity!" 2460, "But thou shouldest not have looked on the day of thy brother in the day that he became a stranger; neither shouldest thou have rejoiced over the children of Judah in the day of their destruction; neither shouldest thou have spoken proudly in the day of distress." 2300, "But if thine eye be evil, thy whole body shall be full of darkness. If therefore the light that is in thee be darkness, how great is that darkness!" 9470, "And upon that day shall the prince prepare for himself and for all the people of the land a bullock for a sin offering." 1770, "I said, Surely thou wilt fear me, thou wilt receive instruction; so their dwelling should not be cut off, howsoever I punished them: but they rose early, and corrupted all their doings." 1760, "Then the angel that talked with me went forth, and said unto me, Lift up now thine eyes, and see what is this that goeth forth." 2320, "And after six days Jesus taketh Peter, James, and John his brother, and bringeth them up into an high mountain apart," 5390, "For I am the LORD, I change not; therefore ye sons of Jacob are not consumed." 8370, "The best of them is as a brier: the most upright is sharper than a thorn hedge: the day of thy watchmen and thy visitation cometh; now shall be their perplexity." 1910, "Now Joshua was clothed with filthy garments, and stood before the angel." 4010, "And this oblation of the land that is offered shall be unto them a thing most holy by the border of the Levites." 1710, "He went to Pilate, and begged the body of Jesus. Then Pilate commanded the body to be delivered." 4750, "And straightway one of them ran, and took a spunge, and filled it with vinegar, and put it on a reed, and gave him to drink." 3090, "And I will turn thee back, and leave but the sixth part of thee, and will cause thee to come up from the north parts, and will bring thee upon the mountains of Israel:" 2720, "Therefore be ye also ready: for in such an hour as ye think not the Son of man cometh." 19200, "It hath been said, Whosoever shall put away his wife, let him give her a writing of divorcement:" 7670, "And shall cast them into a furnace of fire: there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth." 14800, "And Jesus called a little child unto him, and set him in the midst of them," 23800, "And I will put my spirit within you, and cause you to walk in my statutes, and ye shall keep my judgments, and do them." 11800, "And there were narrow windows to the little chambers, and to their posts within the gate round about, and likewise to the arches: and windows were round about inward: and upon each post were palm trees." 1720, "Among which was Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James and Joses, and the mother of Zebedee's children." 3180, "The Pharisees also with the Sadducees came, and tempting desired him that he would shew them a sign from heaven." 3300, "And he measured the breadth of the entry of the gate, ten cubits; and the length of the gate, thirteen cubits." 1840, "But if the watchman see the sword come, and blow not the trumpet, and the people be not warned; if the sword come, and take any person from among them, he is taken away in his iniquity; but his blood will I require at the watchman's hand." 11900, "Her prophets are light and treacherous persons: her priests have polluted the sanctuary, they have done violence to the law." 2150, "The Chaldeans answered before the king, and said, There is not a man upon the earth that can shew the king's matter: therefore there is no king, lord, nor ruler, that asked such things at any magician, or astrologer, or Chaldean." 2250, "For as Jonas was three days and three nights in the whale's belly; so shall the Son of man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth." 13400, "Therefore shalt thou fall in the day, and the prophet also shall fall with thee in the night, and I will destroy thy mother." 2060, "And it shall come to pass, that every thing that liveth, which moveth, whithersoever the rivers shall come, shall live: and there shall be a very great multitude of fish, because these waters shall come thither: for they shall be healed; and every thing shall live whither the river cometh." 2790, "And between the chambers was the wideness of twenty cubits round about the house on every side." 1690, "And arms shall stand on his part, and they shall pollute the sanctuary of strength, and shall take away the daily sacrifice, and they shall place the abomination that maketh desolate." 3950, "He trusted in God; let him deliver him now, if he will have him: for he said, I am the Son of God." 10300, "And the governors of Judah shall say in their heart, The inhabitants of Jerusalem shall be my strength in the LORD of hosts their God." 2740, "Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness' sake: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven." 24600, "And a bastard shall dwell in Ashdod, and I will cut off the pride of the Philistines." 2550, "And thou, Capernaum, which art exalted unto heaven, shalt be brought down to hell: for if the mighty works, which have been done in thee, had been done in Sodom, it would have remained until this day." 6000, "And Jesus said unto the centurion, Go thy way; and as thou hast believed, so be it done unto thee. And his servant was healed in the selfsame hour." 4120, "Behold, is it not of the LORD of hosts that the people shall labour in the very fire, and the people shall weary themselves for very vanity?" 2120, "A wicked and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given unto it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas. And he left them, and departed." 4260, "Will the LORD be pleased with thousands of rams, or with ten thousands of rivers of oil? shall I give my firstborn for my transgression, the fruit of my body for the sin of my soul?" 2580, "And by the border of Judah, from the east side unto the west side, shall be the offering which ye shall offer of five and twenty thousand reeds in breadth, and in length as one of the other parts, from the east side unto the west side: and the sanctuary shall be in the midst of it." 1910, "Shall not all these take up a parable against him, and a taunting proverb against him, and say, Woe to him that increaseth that which is not his! how long? and to him that ladeth himself with thick clay!" 2470, "The great day of the LORD is near, it is near, and hasteth greatly, even the voice of the day of the LORD: the mighty man shall cry there bitterly." 3350, "Alas for the day! for the day of the LORD is at hand, and as a destruction from the Almighty shall it come." 4210, "Then went the Pharisees, and took counsel how they might entangle him in his talk." 3920, "But they know not the thoughts of the LORD, neither understand they his counsel: for he shall gather them as the sheaves into the floor." 2070, "The inhabitants of Samaria shall fear because of the calves of Bethaven: for the people thereof shall mourn over it, and the priests thereof that rejoiced on it, for the glory thereof, because it is departed from it." 250, "Saying, Arise, and take the young child and his mother, and go into the land of Israel: for they are dead which sought the young child's life." 4290, "This is the interpretation, O king, and this is the decree of the most High, which is come upon my lord the king:" 2420, "How shall I give thee up, Ephraim? how shall I deliver thee, Israel? how shall I make thee as Admah? how shall I set thee as Zeboim? mine heart is turned within me, my repentings are kindled together." 2170, "I will destroy also all the beasts thereof from beside the great waters; neither shall the foot of man trouble them any more, nor the hoofs of beasts trouble them." 1390, "Yea also, because he transgresseth by wine, he is a proud man, neither keepeth at home, who enlargeth his desire as hell, and is as death, and cannot be satisfied, but gathereth unto him all nations, and heapeth unto him all people:" 2790, "The burden which Habakkuk the prophet did see." 7180, "Thus saith the LORD of hosts; I was jealous for Zion with great jealousy, and I was jealous for her with great fury." 2170, "Then said I, Whither goest thou? And he said unto me, To measure Jerusalem, to see what is the breadth thereof, and what is the length thereof." 2190, "Saying, Master, Moses said, If a man die, having no children, his brother shall marry his wife, and raise up seed unto his brother." 3700, "Thou hast consulted shame to thy house by cutting off many people, and hast sinned against thy soul." 2100, "Whose leaves were fair, and the fruit thereof much, and in it was meat for all; under which the beasts of the field dwelt, and upon whose branches the fowls of the heaven had their habitation:" 2040, "This is the land which ye shall divide by lot unto the tribes of Israel for inheritance, and these are their portions, saith the Lord GOD." 1890, "But I say unto you, I will not drink henceforth of this fruit of the vine, until that day when I drink it new with you in my Father's kingdom." 8380, "Then spake Jesus to the multitude, and to his disciples," 8540, "And from the face of the gate of the entrance unto the face of the porch of the inner gate were fifty cubits." 1720, "For, behold, in those days, and in that time, when I shall bring again the captivity of Judah and Jerusalem," 4790, "And the king appointed them a daily provision of the king's meat, and of the wine which he drank: so nourishing them three years, that at the end thereof they might stand before the king." 2670, "And, behold, there was a man which had his hand withered. And they asked him, saying, Is it lawful to heal on the sabbath days? that they might accuse him." 4060, "For many shall come in my name, saying, I am Christ; and shall deceive many." 31600, "Then spake Haggai the LORD'S messenger in the LORD'S message unto the people, saying, I am with you, saith the LORD." 2540, "Saying, I have sinned in that I have betrayed the innocent blood. And they said, What is that to us? see thou to that." 5230, "The word of the LORD which came unto Zephaniah the son of Cushi, the son of Gedaliah, the son of Amariah, the son of Hizkiah, in the days of Josiah the son of Amon, king of Judah." 2300, "And I will encamp about mine house because of the army, because of him that passeth by, and because of him that returneth: and no oppressor shall pass through them any more: for now have I seen with mine eyes." 1770, "And I will smite the winter house with the summer house; and the houses of ivory shall perish, and the great houses shall have an end, saith the LORD." 2060, "The king cried aloud to bring in the astrologers, the Chaldeans, and the soothsayers. And the king spake, and said to the wise men of Babylon, Whosoever shall read this writing, and shew me the interpretation thereof, shall be clothed with scarlet, and have a chain of gold about his neck, and shall be the third ruler in the kingdom." 2570, "Though they bring up their children, yet will I bereave them, that there shall not be a man left: yea, woe also to them when I depart from them!" 1570, "And the posts thereof were toward the utter court; and palm trees were upon the posts thereof, on this side, and on that side: and the going up to it had eight steps." 237, "And thou shalt give to the priests the Levites that be of the seed of Zadok, which approach unto me, to minister unto me, saith the Lord GOD, a young bullock for a sin offering." 2240, "Therefore hath the LORD watched upon the evil, and brought it upon us: for the LORD our God is righteous in all his works which he doeth: for we obeyed not his voice." 2330, "But he answered one of them, and said, Friend, I do thee no wrong: didst not thou agree with me for a penny?" 4110, "But I will sacrifice unto thee with the voice of thanksgiving; I will pay that that I have vowed. Salvation is of the LORD." 2910, "Ephraim shall be desolate in the day of rebuke: among the tribes of Israel have I made known that which shall surely be." 1750, "Open thy doors, O Lebanon, that the fire may devour thy cedars." 2400, "But I say unto you, That it shall be more tolerable for the land of Sodom in the day of judgment, than for thee." 8140, "They have dealt treacherously against the LORD: for they have begotten strange children: now shall a month devour them with their portions." 1720, "For the ships of Chittim shall come against him: therefore he shall be grieved, and return, and have indignation against the holy covenant: so shall he do; he shall even return, and have intelligence with them that forsake the holy covenant." 2620, "And if so be that he find it, verily I say unto you, he rejoiceth more of that sheep, than of the ninety and nine which went not astray." 4150, "Then was Nebuchadnezzar full of fury, and the form of his visage was changed against Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego: therefore he spake, and commanded that they should heat the furnace one seven times more than it was wont to be heated." 2430, "Then released he Barabbas unto them: and when he had scourged Jesus, he delivered him to be crucified." 4510, "Sow to yourselves in righteousness, reap in mercy; break up your fallow ground: for it is time to seek the LORD, till he come and rain righteousness upon you." 3780, "When I heard, my belly trembled; my lips quivered at the voice: rottenness entered into my bones, and I trembled in myself, that I might rest in the day of trouble: when he cometh up unto the people, he will invade them with his troops." 2080, "But I say unto you, That whosoever shall put away his wife, saving for the cause of fornication, causeth her to commit adultery: and whosoever shall marry her that is divorced committeth adultery." 9960, "And he said unto me, Son of man, the place of my throne, and the place of the soles of my feet, where I will dwell in the midst of the children of Israel for ever, and my holy name, shall the house of Israel no more defile, neither they, nor their kings, by their whoredom, nor by the carcases of their kings in their high places." 2110, "Then these men were bound in their coats, their hosen, and their hats, and their other garments, and were cast into the midst of the burning fiery furnace." 2460, "Therefore it is come to pass, that as he cried, and they would not hear; so they cried, and I would not hear, saith the LORD of hosts:" 2060, "Before him went the pestilence, and burning coals went forth at his feet." 3560, "And, behold, one like the similitude of the sons of men touched my lips: then I opened my mouth, and spake, and said unto him that stood before me, O my lord, by the vision my sorrows are turned upon me, and I have retained no strength." 2410, "Then will the LORD be jealous for his land, and pity his people." 4250, "But I will kindle a fire in the wall of Rabbah, and it shall devour the palaces thereof, with shouting in the day of battle, with a tempest in the day of the whirlwind:" 2180, "Behold, we go up to Jerusalem; and the Son of man shall be betrayed unto the chief priests and unto the scribes, and they shall condemn him to death," 5180, "Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind." 35300, "Then he which had received the one talent came and said, Lord, I knew thee that thou art an hard man, reaping where thou hast not sown, and gathering where thou hast not strawed:" 5310, "And many nations shall come, and say, Come, and let us go up to the mountain of the LORD, and to the house of the God of Jacob; and he will teach us of his ways, and we will walk in his paths: for the law shall go forth of Zion, and the word of the LORD from Jerusalem." 4850, "And from the time that the daily sacrifice shall be taken away, and the abomination that maketh desolate set up, there shall be a thousand two hundred and ninety days." 6600, "And whereas thou sawest iron mixed with miry clay, they shall mingle themselves with the seed of men: but they shall not cleave one to another, even as iron is not mixed with clay." 6220, "After a long time the lord of those servants cometh, and reckoneth with them." 6490, "The sun and the moon shall be darkened, and the stars shall withdraw their shining." 4940, "For now will I break his yoke from off thee, and will burst thy bonds in sunder." 2490, "And the streets of the city shall be full of boys and girls playing in the streets thereof." 2890, "And brought the ass, and the colt, and put on them their clothes, and they set him thereon." 4130, "The blind receive their sight, and the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, and the deaf hear, the dead are raised up, and the poor have the gospel preached to them." 7800, "Then there came again and touched me one like the appearance of a man, and he strengthened me," 2690, "Now therefore, O our God, hear the prayer of thy servant, and his supplications, and cause thy face to shine upon thy sanctuary that is desolate, for the Lord's sake." 2590, "I will stand upon my watch, and set me upon the tower, and will watch to see what he will say unto me, and what I shall answer when I am reproved." 4120, "Then will I sprinkle clean water upon you, and ye shall be clean: from all your filthiness, and from all your idols, will I cleanse you." 7900, "Ephraim feedeth on wind, and followeth after the east wind: he daily increaseth lies and desolation; and they do make a covenant with the Assyrians, and oil is carried into Egypt." 2090, "Now among these were of the children of Judah, Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah:" 2760, "It was round about eighteen thousand measures: and the name of the city from that day shall be, The LORD is there." 2510, "And if he shall neglect to hear them, tell it unto the church: but if he neglect to hear the church, let him be unto thee as an heathen man and a publican." 8580, "Then brought he me out of the way of the gate northward, and led me about the way without unto the utter gate by the way that looketh eastward; and, behold, there ran out waters on the right side." 2400, "And through his policy also he shall cause craft to prosper in his hand; and he shall magnify himself in his heart, and by peace shall destroy many: he shall also stand up against the Prince of princes; but he shall be broken without hand." 5810, "For he knew that for envy they had delivered him." 8070, "For I will lay the land most desolate, and the pomp of her strength shall cease; and the mountains of Israel shall be desolate, that none shall pass through." 1910, "When he was come down from the mountain, great multitudes followed him." 9310, "Saying, When will the new moon be gone, that we may sell corn? and the sabbath, that we may set forth wheat, making the ephah small, and the shekel great, and falsifying the balances by deceit?" 2160, "And it came to pass, that when they had made an end of eating the grass of the land, then I said, O Lord GOD, forgive, I beseech thee: by whom shall Jacob arise? for he is small." 2100, "For this is he that was spoken of by the prophet Esaias, saying, The voice of one crying in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his paths straight." 6900, "This is the law of the house; Upon the top of the mountain the whole limit thereof round about shall be most holy. Behold, this is the law of the house." 2280, "And it shall be, that whoso will not come up of all the families of the earth unto Jerusalem to worship the King, the LORD of hosts, even upon them shall be no rain." 3660, "And he said, Go thy way, Daniel: for the words are closed up and sealed till the time of the end." 7220, "And there shall be, like people, like priest: and I will punish them for their ways, and reward them their doings." 1990, "O my people, remember now what Balak king of Moab consulted, and what Balaam the son of Beor answered him from Shittim unto Gilgal; that ye may know the righteousness of the LORD." 2320, "Seek ye the LORD, all ye meek of the earth, which have wrought his judgment; seek righteousness, seek meekness: it may be ye shall be hid in the day of the LORD'S anger." 3900, "So that the face of a man was toward the palm tree on the one side, and the face of a young lion toward the palm tree on the other side: it was made through all the house round about." 2320, "But beware of men: for they will deliver you up to the councils, and they will scourge you in their synagogues;" 6920, "I will feed them in a good pasture, and upon the high mountains of Israel shall their fold be: there shall they lie in a good fold, and in a fat pasture shall they feed upon the mountains of Israel." 2330, "Then the soldiers of the governor took Jesus into the common hall, and gathered unto him the whole band of soldiers." 4040, "Therefore prophesy and say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because they have made you desolate, and swallowed you up on every side, that ye might be a possession unto the residue of the heathen, and ye are taken up in the lips of talkers, and are an infamy of the people:" 1880, "And Jesus said unto him, Friend, wherefore art thou come? Then came they, and laid hands on Jesus, and took him." 3530, "As they called them, so they went from them: they sacrificed unto Baalim, and burned incense to graven images." 2060, "I beheld, and the same horn made war with the saints, and prevailed against them;" 6820, "But I say unto you, That Elias is come already, and they knew him not, but have done unto him whatsoever they listed. Likewise shall also the Son of man suffer of them." 4510, "Thus hath the Lord GOD shewed unto me: and behold a basket of summer fruit." 2770, "And five of them were wise, and five were foolish." 25500, "Yet hath he not root in himself, but dureth for a while: for when tribulation or persecution ariseth because of the word, by and by he is offended." 6580, "Then Jesus sent the multitude away, and went into the house: and his disciples came unto him, saying, Declare unto us the parable of the tares of the field." 5010, "Hear ye this word which I take up against you, even a lamentation, O house of Israel." 1780, "Thus he said, The fourth beast shall be the fourth kingdom upon earth, which shall be diverse from all kingdoms, and shall devour the whole earth, and shall tread it down, and break it in pieces." 4960, "Saying, Say ye, His disciples came by night, and stole him away while we slept." 4220, "And after threescore and two weeks shall Messiah be cut off, but not for himself: and the people of the prince that shall come shall destroy the city and the sanctuary; and the end thereof shall be with a flood, and unto the end of the war desolations are determined." 8750, "And the crowns shall be to Helem, and to Tobijah, and to Jedaiah, and to Hen the son of Zephaniah, for a memorial in the temple of the LORD." 2270, "From the ground unto above the door were cherubims and palm trees made, and on the wall of the temple." 2020, "Blow ye the trumpet in Zion, and sound an alarm in my holy mountain: let all the inhabitants of the land tremble: for the day of the LORD cometh, for it is nigh at hand;" 6850, "Therefore, O ye shepherds, hear the word of the LORD;" 2480, "I have cut off the nations: their towers are desolate; I made their streets waste, that none passeth by: their cities are destroyed, so that there is no man, that there is none inhabitant." 1840, "Shall they not rise up suddenly that shall bite thee, and awake that shall vex thee, and thou shalt be for booties unto them?" 2170, "Now the names of the twelve apostles are these; The first, Simon, who is called Peter, and Andrew his brother; James the son of Zebedee, and John his brother;" 5760, "The word of the LORD that came to Joel the son of Pethuel." 3120, "Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon earth, where moth and rust doth corrupt, and where thieves break through and steal:" 19000, "But Jesus held his peace. And the high priest answered and said unto him, I adjure thee by the living God, that thou tell us whether thou be the Christ, the Son of God." 4120, "Do not ye yet understand, that whatsoever entereth in at the mouth goeth into the belly, and is cast out into the draught?" 4330, "Thus saith the LORD concerning the prophets that make my people err, that bite with their teeth, and cry, Peace; and he that putteth not into their mouths, they even prepare war against him." 2040, "Then came he unto the gate which looketh toward the east, and went up the stairs thereof, and measured the threshold of the gate, which was one reed broad; and the other threshold of the gate, which was one reed broad." 246, "But they like men have transgressed the covenant: there have they dealt treacherously against me." 2430, "How great are his signs! and how mighty are his wonders! his kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and his dominion is from generation to generation." 3070, "The LORD hath sworn by the excellency of Jacob, Surely I will never forget any of their works." 1870, "Trust ye not in a friend, put ye not confidence in a guide: keep the doors of thy mouth from her that lieth in thy bosom." 2760, "Then was the part of the hand sent from him; and this writing was written." 3460, "But I will remove far off from you the northern army, and will drive him into a land barren and desolate, with his face toward the east sea, and his hinder part toward the utmost sea, and his stink shall come up, and his ill savour shall come up, because he hath done great things." 2350, "And over these three presidents; of whom Daniel was first: that the princes might give accounts unto them, and the king should have no damage." 2330, "Woe unto you, ye blind guides, which say, Whosoever shall swear by the temple, it is nothing; but whosoever shall swear by the gold of the temple, he is a debtor!" 4080, "Then Judas, which betrayed him, answered and said, Master, is it I? He said unto him, Thou hast said." 4510, "But blessed are your eyes, for they see: and your ears, for they hear." 13100, "Tell ye the daughter of Sion, Behold, thy King cometh unto thee, meek, and sitting upon an ass, and a colt the foal of an ass." 5560, "Come to Bethel, and transgress; at Gilgal multiply transgression; and bring your sacrifices every morning, and your tithes after three years:" 1950, "They that were foolish took their lamps, and took no oil with them:" 10200, "All thy strong holds shall be like fig trees with the firstripe figs: if they be shaken, they shall even fall into the mouth of the eater." 1700, "O Israel, thou hast destroyed thyself; but in me is thine help." 2750, "And said unto them, It is written, My house shall be called the house of prayer; but ye have made it a den of thieves." 8920, "He measured also the porch of the gate within, one reed." 1900, "And ye shall tread down the wicked; for they shall be ashes under the soles of your feet in the day that I shall do this, saith the LORD of hosts." 5210, "Neither have we hearkened unto thy servants the prophets, which spake in thy name to our kings, our princes, and our fathers, and to all the people of the land." 2420, "Now I am come to make thee understand what shall befall thy people in the latter days: for yet the vision is for many days." 3070, "Then said they unto him, Tell us, we pray thee, for whose cause this evil is upon us; What is thine occupation? and whence comest thou? what is thy country? and of what people art thou?" 2370, "What think ye? They answered and said, He is guilty of death." 4000, "And the priest shall take of the blood of the sin offering, and put it upon the posts of the house, and upon the four corners of the settle of the altar, and upon the posts of the gate of the inner court." 1890, "The sorrows of a travailing woman shall come upon him: he is an unwise son; for he should not stay long in the place of the breaking forth of children." 1960, "The LORD is good, a strong hold in the day of trouble; and he knoweth them that trust in him." 9390, "Hear this word, ye kine of Bashan, that are in the mountain of Samaria, which oppress the poor, which crush the needy, which say to their masters, Bring, and let us drink." 2030, "When Jesus understood it, he said unto them, Why trouble ye the woman? for she hath wrought a good work upon me." 3880, "Bring ye all the tithes into the storehouse, that there may be meat in mine house, and prove me now herewith, saith the LORD of hosts, if I will not open you the windows of heaven, and pour you out a blessing, that there shall not be room enough to receive it." 12600, "Then said Jesus unto him, Put up again thy sword into his place: for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." 6550, "They have set her a bed in the midst of the slain with all her multitude: her graves are round about him: all of them uncircumcised, slain by the sword: though their terror was caused in the land of the living, yet have they borne their shame with them that go down to the pit: he is put in the midst of them that be slain." 1520, "Then he brought me back the way of the gate of the outward sanctuary which looketh toward the east; and it was shut." 2120, "The men of Nineveh shall rise in judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: because they repented at the preaching of Jonas; and, behold, a greater than Jonas is here." 4720, "And he hath confirmed his words, which he spake against us, and against our judges that judged us, by bringing upon us a great evil: for under the whole heaven hath not been done as hath been done upon Jerusalem." 2410, "All the sinners of my people shall die by the sword, which say, The evil shall not overtake nor prevent us." 2160, "If it be so, our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning fiery furnace, and he will deliver us out of thine hand, O king." 6270, "Therefore, as I live, saith the Lord GOD, I will even do according to thine anger, and according to thine envy which thou hast used out of thy hatred against them; and I will make myself known among them, when I have judged thee." 1780, "For who hath despised the day of small things? for they shall rejoice, and shall see the plummet in the hand of Zerubbabel with those seven; they are the eyes of the LORD, which run to and fro through the whole earth." 2720, "His disciples say unto him, If the case of the man be so with his wife, it is not good to marry." 8520, "And she said, Truth, Lord: yet the dogs eat of the crumbs which fall from their masters' table." 5390, "But when Jesus heard that, he said unto them, They that be whole need not a physician, but they that are sick." 5220, "None of his sins that he hath committed shall be mentioned unto him: he hath done that which is lawful and right; he shall surely live." 2390, "Take ye the spoil of silver, take the spoil of gold: for there is none end of the store and glory out of all the pleasant furniture." 1890, "And as they did eat, he said, Verily I say unto you, that one of you shall betray me." 4920, "So Jesus had compassion on them, and touched their eyes: and immediately their eyes received sight, and they followed him." 3780, "Now when Jesus had heard that John was cast into prison, he departed into Galilee;" 3990, "Thus saith the Lord GOD; This shall be the border, whereby ye shall inherit the land according to the twelve tribes of Israel: Joseph shall have two portions." 2520, "By swearing, and lying, and killing, and stealing, and committing adultery, they break out, and blood toucheth blood." 3290, "And it was made with cherubims and palm trees, so that a palm tree was between a cherub and a cherub; and every cherub had two faces;" 1970, "Though I have bound and strengthened their arms, yet do they imagine mischief against me." 1890, "And they shall say, This land that was desolate is become like the garden of Eden; and the waste and desolate and ruined cities are become fenced, and are inhabited." 2350, "In the day that thy walls are to be built, in that day shall the decree be far removed." 2070, "I will feed my flock, and I will cause them to lie down, saith the Lord GOD." 2760, "And they shall be mine, saith the LORD of hosts, in that day when I make up my jewels; and I will spare them, as a man spareth his own son that serveth him." 5310, "Art thou not from everlasting, O LORD my God, mine Holy One? we shall not die. O LORD, thou hast ordained them for judgment; and, O mighty God, thou hast established them for correction." 2550, "Until the Ancient of days came, and judgment was given to the saints of the most High; and the time came that the saints possessed the kingdom." 5930, "He delivereth and rescueth, and he worketh signs and wonders in heaven and in earth, who hath delivered Daniel from the power of the lions." 2490, "Speak to Zerubbabel, governor of Judah, saying, I will shake the heavens and the earth;" 2650, "And he cometh unto the disciples, and findeth them asleep, and saith unto Peter, What, could ye not watch with me one hour?" 4650, "So the king of the south shall come into his kingdom, and shall return into his own land." 11900, "Then Joseph being raised from sleep did as the angel of the Lord had bidden him, and took unto him his wife:" 7800, "Then said I, O my lord, what are these? And the angel that talked with me said unto me, I will shew thee what these be." 2050, "That which the palmerworm hath left hath the locust eaten; and that which the locust hath left hath the cankerworm eaten; and that which the cankerworm hath left hath the caterpiller eaten." 2630, "He shall enter peaceably even upon the fattest places of the province; and he shall do that which his fathers have not done, nor his fathers' fathers; he shall scatter among them the prey, and spoil, and riches: yea, and he shall forecast his devices against the strong holds, even for a time." 2770, "And saviours shall come up on mount Zion to judge the mount of Esau; and the kingdom shall be the LORD'S." 3330, "Moreover I will make a covenant of peace with them; it shall be an everlasting covenant with them: and I will place them, and multiply them, and will set my sanctuary in the midst of them for evermore." 3320, "And when the tempter came to him, he said, If thou be the Son of God, command that these stones be made bread." 9140, "I saw also the height of the house round about: the foundations of the side chambers were a full reed of six great cubits." 1920, "For whether is easier, to say, Thy sins be forgiven thee; or to say, Arise, and walk?" 4730, "Thou shouldest not have entered into the gate of my people in the day of their calamity; yea, thou shouldest not have looked on their affliction in the day of their calamity, nor have laid hands on their substance in the day of their calamity;" 2190, "Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time, Thou shalt not commit adultery:" 16200, "Is it not lawful for me to do what I will with mine own? Is thine eye evil, because I am good?" 5750, "And from under these chambers was the entry on the east side, as one goeth into them from the utter court." 1420, "And the king said unto them, I have dreamed a dream, and my spirit was troubled to know the dream." 3050, "And in the day that he goeth into the sanctuary, unto the inner court, to minister in the sanctuary, he shall offer his sin offering, saith the Lord GOD." 1630, "And the border from the sea shall be Hazarenan, the border of Damascus, and the north northward, and the border of Hamath. And this is the north side." 2260, "Then he answered and spake unto me, saying, This is the word of the LORD unto Zerubbabel, saying, Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the LORD of hosts." 5250, "So the people of Nineveh believed God, and proclaimed a fast, and put on sackcloth, from the greatest of them even to the least of them." 3400, "For whosoever shall do the will of my Father which is in heaven, the same is my brother, and sister, and mother." 10200, "So the shipmaster came to him, and said unto him, What meanest thou, O sleeper? arise, call upon thy God, if so be that God will think upon us, that we perish not." 2810, "And charged them that they should not make him known:" 6120, "And I was afraid, and went and hid thy talent in the earth: lo, there thou hast that is thine." 6330, "But now I will not be unto the residue of this people as in the former days, saith the LORD of hosts." 2240, "Thou shalt eat, but not be satisfied; and thy casting down shall be in the midst of thee; and thou shalt take hold, but shalt not deliver; and that which thou deliverest will I give up to the sword." 1890, "And when the prince shall enter, he shall go in by the way of the porch of that gate, and he shall go forth by the way thereof." 1990, "The women of my people have ye cast out from their pleasant houses; from their children have ye taken away my glory for ever." 2060, "Master, which is the great commandment in the law?" 17500, "My people ask counsel at their stocks, and their staff declareth unto them: for the spirit of whoredoms hath caused them to err, and they have gone a whoring from under their God." 2020, "Wherefore at that time certain Chaldeans came near, and accused the Jews." 2690, "But he said unto them, Have ye not read what David did, when he was an hungred, and they that were with him;" 4080, "But if ye had known what this meaneth, I will have mercy, and not sacrifice, ye would not have condemned the guiltless." 4440, "Naked, and ye clothed me: I was sick, and ye visited me: I was in prison, and ye came unto me." 19300, "For God commanded, saying, Honour thy father and mother: and, He that curseth father or mother, let him die the death." 4460, "The word of the LORD that came unto Hosea, the son of Beeri, in the days of Uzziah, Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, kings of Judah, and in the days of Jeroboam the son of Joash, king of Israel." 2590, "And he that shall swear by heaven, sweareth by the throne of God, and by him that sitteth thereon." 4210, "Because thou hast had a perpetual hatred, and hast shed the blood of the children of Israel by the force of the sword in the time of their calamity, in the time that their iniquity had an end:" 2260, "All the oblation shall be five and twenty thousand by five and twenty thousand: ye shall offer the holy oblation foursquare, with the possession of the city." 2170, "But when the multitudes saw it, they marvelled, and glorified God, which had given such power unto men." 4620, "And he answered him to never a word; insomuch that the governor marvelled greatly." 3470, "But when the blade was sprung up, and brought forth fruit, then appeared the tares also." 7860, "The LORD also shall roar out of Zion, and utter his voice from Jerusalem; and the heavens and the earth shall shake: but the LORD will be the hope of his people, and the strength of the children of Israel." 4120, "And when Jesus departed thence, two blind men followed him, crying, and saying, Thou Son of David, have mercy on us." 3340, "So the king of the north shall come, and cast up a mount, and take the most fenced cities: and the arms of the south shall not withstand, neither his chosen people, neither shall there be any strength to withstand." 2290, "This image's head was of fine gold, his breast and his arms of silver, his belly and his thighs of brass," 4180, "For, behold, the LORD commandeth, and he will smite the great house with breaches, and the little house with clefts." 1590, "And I will plant them upon their land, and they shall no more be pulled up out of their land which I have given them, saith the LORD thy God." 3470, "Then said Daniel to Melzar, whom the prince of the eunuchs had set over Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah," 2530, "Then shall the kingdom of heaven be likened unto ten virgins, which took their lamps, and went forth to meet the bridegroom." 10400, "How do the beasts groan! the herds of cattle are perplexed, because they have no pasture; yea, the flocks of sheep are made desolate." 2480, "And said unto them, What will ye give me, and I will deliver him unto you? And they covenanted with him for thirty pieces of silver." 5610, "And the LORD answered the angel that talked with me with good words and comfortable words." 2100, "Art thou better than populous No, that was situate among the rivers, that had the waters round about it, whose rampart was the sea, and her wall was from the sea?" 3370, "The king answered and said, I know of certainty that ye would gain the time, because ye see the thing is gone from me." 2050, "But let judgment run down as waters, and righteousness as a mighty stream." 3310, "Even so every good tree bringeth forth good fruit; but a corrupt tree bringeth forth evil fruit." 18800, "Some of them that stood there, when they heard that, said, This man calleth for Elias." 3860, "Thou didst strike through with his staves the head of his villages: they came out as a whirlwind to scatter me: their rejoicing was as to devour the poor secretly." 2000, "For, behold, the day cometh, that shall burn as an oven; and all the proud, yea, and all that do wickedly, shall be stubble: and the day that cometh shall burn them up, saith the LORD of hosts, that it shall leave them neither root nor branch." 7910, "For John came unto you in the way of righteousness, and ye believed him not: but the publicans and the harlots believed him: and ye, when ye had seen it, repented not afterward, that ye might believe him." 3740, "Now God had brought Daniel into favour and tender love with the prince of the eunuchs." 3030, "Then measured he the porch of the gate, eight cubits; and the posts thereof, two cubits; and the porch of the gate was inward." 1850, "But as for me, this secret is not revealed to me for any wisdom that I have more than any living, but for their sakes that shall make known the interpretation to the king, and that thou mightest know the thoughts of thy heart." 2410, "Now the word of the LORD came unto Jonah the son of Amittai, saying," 3600, "For ye have the poor always with you; but me ye have not always." 6230, "And Jesus, when he was baptized, went up straightway out of the water: and, lo, the heavens were opened unto him, and he saw the Spirit of God descending like a dove, and lighting upon him:" 11500, "So I prophesied as I was commanded: and as I prophesied, there was a noise, and behold a shaking, and the bones came together, bone to his bone." 4710, "Then I said, I am cast out of thy sight; yet I will look again toward thy holy temple." 3190, "Let the heathen be wakened, and come up to the valley of Jehoshaphat: for there will I sit to judge all the heathen round about." 2940, "And he left them, and went out of the city into Bethany; and he lodged there." 3430, "For I will no more pity the inhabitants of the land, saith the LORD: but, lo, I will deliver the men every one into his neighbour's hand, and into the hand of his king: and they shall smite the land, and out of their hand I will not deliver them." 1850, "And he saith unto them, Follow me, and I will make you fishers of men." 24900, "Are ye not as children of the Ethiopians unto me, O children of Israel? saith the LORD. Have not I brought up Israel out of the land of Egypt? and the Philistines from Caphtor, and the Syrians from Kir?" 2180, "And I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven." 18300, "And Jonah began to enter into the city a day's journey, and he cried, and said, Yet forty days, and Nineveh shall be overthrown." 3650, "Then I cut asunder mine other staff, even Bands, that I might break the brotherhood between Judah and Israel." 2060, "Why do thy disciples transgress the tradition of the elders? for they wash not their hands when they eat bread." 5670, "Then the king, when he heard these words, was sore displeased with himself, and set his heart on Daniel to deliver him: and he laboured till the going down of the sun to deliver him." 2450, "Israel shall cry unto me, My God, we know thee." 3930, "Though thou, Israel, play the harlot, yet let not Judah offend; and come not ye unto Gilgal, neither go ye up to Bethaven, nor swear, The LORD liveth." 2020, "When the even was come, there came a rich man of Arimathaea, named Joseph, who also himself was Jesus' disciple:" 3720, "And oppress not the widow, nor the fatherless, the stranger, nor the poor; and let none of you imagine evil against his brother in your heart." 2890, "For I was an hungred, and ye gave me no meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave me no drink:" 8400, "And I will turn your feasts into mourning, and all your songs into lamentation; and I will bring up sackcloth upon all loins, and baldness upon every head; and I will make it as the mourning of an only son, and the end thereof as a bitter day." 2300, "Let the priests, the ministers of the LORD, weep between the porch and the altar, and let them say, Spare thy people, O LORD, and give not thine heritage to reproach, that the heathen should rule over them: wherefore should they say among the people, Where is their God?" 4280, "And I will fill his mountains with his slain men: in thy hills, and in thy valleys, and in all thy rivers, shall they fall that are slain with the sword." 2090, "Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit unto his stature?" 11500, "And in the morning, It will be foul weather to day: for the sky is red and lowring. O ye hypocrites, ye can discern the face of the sky; but can ye not discern the signs of the times?" 3560, "And I saw in a vision; and it came to pass, when I saw, that I was at Shushan in the palace, which is in the province of Elam; and I saw in a vision, and I was by the river of Ulai." 2310, "But when the Pharisees had heard that he had put the Sadducees to silence, they were gathered together." 6100, "And some of them of understanding shall fall, to try them, and to purge, and to make them white, even to the time of the end: because it is yet for a time appointed." 3640, "Ye know that after two days is the feast of the passover, and the Son of man is betrayed to be crucified." 4650, "But they, when they were departed, spread abroad his fame in all that country." 3250, "Now when I had returned, behold, at the bank of the river were very many trees on the one side and on the other." 2600, "When the morning was come, all the chief priests and elders of the people took counsel against Jesus to put him to death:" 4980, "Saying unto them, Go into the village over against you, and straightway ye shall find an ass tied, and a colt with her: loose them, and bring them unto me." 4410, "Ethiopia and Egypt were her strength, and it was infinite; Put and Lubim were thy helpers." 2130, "They gave him vinegar to drink mingled with gall: and when he had tasted thereof, he would not drink." 4670, "And he commanded the multitude to sit down on the grass, and took the five loaves, and the two fishes, and looking up to heaven, he blessed, and brake, and gave the loaves to his disciples, and the disciples to the multitude." 3610, "For the statutes of Omri are kept, and all the works of the house of Ahab, and ye walk in their counsels; that I should make thee a desolation, and the inhabitants thereof an hissing: therefore ye shall bear the reproach of my people." 1740, "And I hated Esau, and laid his mountains and his heritage waste for the dragons of the wilderness." 4220, "For the king of the north shall return, and shall set forth a multitude greater than the former, and shall certainly come after certain years with a great army and with much riches." 2180, "In the day of our king the princes have made him sick with bottles of wine; he stretched out his hand with scorners." 1920, "He hath laid my vine waste, and barked my fig tree: he hath made it clean bare, and cast it away; the branches thereof are made white." 2380, "When saw we thee a stranger, and took thee in? or naked, and clothed thee?" 15400, "So they took up Jonah, and cast him forth into the sea: and the sea ceased from her raging." 2290, "And I say unto you, That many shall come from the east and west, and shall sit down with Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob, in the kingdom of heaven." 8710, "But he that received the seed into stony places, the same is he that heareth the word, and anon with joy receiveth it;" 5410, "And the bay went forth, and sought to go that they might walk to and fro through the earth: and he said, Get you hence, walk to and fro through the earth. So they walked to and fro through the earth." 2030, "When Ephraim saw his sickness, and Judah saw his wound, then went Ephraim to the Assyrian, and sent to king Jareb: yet could he not heal you, nor cure you of your wound." 1930, "But if not, be it known unto thee, O king, that we will not serve thy gods, nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up." 6640, "And by the border of Asher, from the east side even unto the west side, a portion for Naphtali." 1780, "And if this come to the governor's ears, we will persuade him, and secure you." 3590, "The book of the generation of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham." 31400, "Give us this day our daily bread." 226000, "And without the inner gate were the chambers of the singers in the inner court, which was at the side of the north gate; and their prospect was toward the south: one at the side of the east gate having the prospect toward the north." 221, "Therefore the LORD, the God of hosts, the Lord, saith thus; Wailing shall be in all streets; and they shall say in all the highways, Alas! alas! and they shall call the husbandman to mourning, and such as are skilful of lamentation to wailing." 1980, "And he shall confirm the covenant with many for one week: and in the midst of the week he shall cause the sacrifice and the oblation to cease, and for the overspreading of abominations he shall make it desolate, even until the consummation, and that determined shall be poured upon the desolate." 11900, "But Jesus said, Suffer little children, and forbid them not, to come unto me: for of such is the kingdom of heaven." 16200, "Then cometh Jesus with them unto a place called Gethsemane, and saith unto the disciples, Sit ye here, while I go and pray yonder." 4560, "The land of Zabulon, and the land of Nephthalim, by the way of the sea, beyond Jordan, Galilee of the Gentiles;" 4290, "Therefore the he goat waxed very great: and when he was strong, the great horn was broken; and for it came up four notable ones toward the four winds of heaven." 2740, "But if he will not hear thee, then take with thee one or two more, that in the mouth of two or three witnesses every word may be established." 9420, "Leave there thy gift before the altar, and go thy way; first be reconciled to thy brother, and then come and offer thy gift." 11100, "But who may abide the day of his coming? and who shall stand when he appeareth? for he is like a refiner's fire, and like fullers' soap:" 4740, "And I the LORD will be their God, and my servant David a prince among them; I the LORD have spoken it." 3510, "And the suburbs of the city shall be toward the north two hundred and fifty, and toward the south two hundred and fifty, and toward the east two hundred and fifty, and toward the west two hundred and fifty." 1840, "I have overthrown some of you, as God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah, and ye were as a firebrand plucked out of the burning: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith the LORD." 2080, "Then answered I, and said unto him, What are these two olive trees upon the right side of the candlestick and upon the left side thereof?" 2700, "I went down to the bottoms of the mountains; the earth with her bars was about me for ever: yet hast thou brought up my life from corruption, O LORD my God." 2610, "So the house of Israel shall know that I am the LORD their God from that day and forward." 4750, "But he turned, and said unto Peter, Get thee behind me, Satan: thou art an offence unto me: for thou savourest not the things that be of God, but those that be of men." 7440, "That they shall drive thee from men, and thy dwelling shall be with the beasts of the field, and they shall make thee to eat grass as oxen, and they shall wet thee with the dew of heaven, and seven times shall pass over thee, till thou know that the most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will." 2370, "Therefore, ye shepherds, hear the word of the LORD;" 2240, "And he left them, and went away again, and prayed the third time, saying the same words." 5080, "Then Jesus answered and said, O faithless and perverse generation, how long shall I be with you? how long shall I suffer you? bring him hither to me." 3720, "And it shall come to pass, that ye shall divide it by lot for an inheritance unto you, and to the strangers that sojourn among you, which shall beget children among you: and they shall be unto you as born in the country among the children of Israel; they shall have inheritance with you among the tribes of Israel." 2080, "And I will cut off the judge from the midst thereof, and will slay all the princes thereof with him, saith the LORD." 1890, "And one lamb out of the flock, out of two hundred, out of the fat pastures of Israel; for a meat offering, and for a burnt offering, and for peace offerings, to make reconciliation for them, saith the Lord GOD." 1760, "Then were there brought unto him little children, that he should put his hands on them, and pray: and the disciples rebuked them." 3860, "Therefore because the king's commandment was urgent, and the furnace exceeding hot, the flame of the fire slew those men that took up Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego." 2360, "And they shall kill him, and the third day he shall be raised again. And they were exceeding sorry." 3030, "He also that received seed among the thorns is he that heareth the word; and the care of this world, and the deceitfulness of riches, choke the word, and he becometh unfruitful." 5750, "Who can tell if God will turn and repent, and turn away from his fierce anger, that we perish not?" 3730, "The just LORD is in the midst thereof; he will not do iniquity: every morning doth he bring his judgment to light, he faileth not; but the unjust knoweth no shame." 2090, "Hear ye now what the LORD saith; Arise, contend thou before the mountains, and let the hills hear thy voice." 2090, "But I say unto you, Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you, and persecute you;" 34000, "But upon mount Zion shall be deliverance, and there shall be holiness; and the house of Jacob shall possess their possessions." 3340, "Shall they therefore empty their net, and not spare continually to slay the nations?" 2470, "And the ten horns out of this kingdom are ten kings that shall arise: and another shall rise after them; and he shall be diverse from the first, and he shall subdue three kings." 6380, "Then saith Jesus unto him, Get thee hence, Satan: for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve." 11500, "And they said, Some say that thou art John the Baptist: some, Elias; and others, Jeremias, or one of the prophets." 7620, "And, behold, the whole city came out to meet Jesus: and when they saw him, they besought him that he would depart out of their coasts." 3290, "Likewise also the chief priests mocking him, with the scribes and elders, said," 5100, "Then shall we know, if we follow on to know the LORD: his going forth is prepared as the morning; and he shall come unto us as the rain, as the latter and former rain unto the earth." 3890, "And it came to pass, when I, even I Daniel, had seen the vision, and sought for the meaning, then, behold, there stood before me as the appearance of a man." 2320, "And I will strengthen the house of Judah, and I will save the house of Joseph, and I will bring them again to place them; for I have mercy upon them: and they shall be as though I had not cast them off: for I am the LORD their God, and will hear them." 1920, "And said unto him, Hearest thou what these say? And Jesus saith unto them, Yea; have ye never read, Out of the mouth of babes and sucklings thou hast perfected praise?" 4370, "And there were narrow windows and palm trees on the one side and on the other side, on the sides of the porch, and upon the side chambers of the house, and thick planks." 1950, "The enemy that sowed them is the devil; the harvest is the end of the world; and the reapers are the angels." 10700, "But I will send a fire on the wall of Tyrus, which shall devour the palaces thereof." 2070, "And a man's foes shall be they of his own household." 24000, "But Jesus said unto them, They need not depart; give ye them to eat." 3690, "That they may do evil with both hands earnestly, the prince asketh, and the judge asketh for a reward; and the great man, he uttereth his mischievous desire: so they wrap it up." 2030, "Take therefore the talent from him, and give it unto him which hath ten talents." 6590, "And about the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eli, Eli, lama sabachthani? that is to say, My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?" 11100, "As for thee also, by the blood of thy covenant I have sent forth thy prisoners out of the pit wherein is no water." 2570, "And I will multiply the fruit of the tree, and the increase of the field, that ye shall receive no more reproach of famine among the heathen." 2530, "And they were exceeding sorrowful, and began every one of them to say unto him, Lord, is it I?" 8460, "Sing and rejoice, O daughter of Zion: for, lo, I come, and I will dwell in the midst of thee, saith the LORD." 2990, "So when his fellowservants saw what was done, they were very sorry, and came and told unto their lord all that was done." 3350, "And cast ye the unprofitable servant into outer darkness: there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth." 8320, "That drink wine in bowls, and anoint themselves with the chief ointments: but they are not grieved for the affliction of Joseph." 2060, "But when his disciples saw it, they had indignation, saying, To what purpose is this waste?" 4030, "And again he denied with an oath, I do not know the man." 12500, "And, behold, the glory of the God of Israel came from the way of the east: and his voice was like a noise of many waters: and the earth shined with his glory." 2750, "And said unto him, Run, speak to this young man, saying, Jerusalem shall be inhabited as towns without walls for the multitude of men and cattle therein:" 2340, "Daniel answered and said, Blessed be the name of God for ever and ever: for wisdom and might are his:" 3800, "Behold ye among the heathen, and regard, and wonder marvellously: for I will work a work in your days, which ye will not believe, though it be told you." 2090, "But Jesus perceived their wickedness, and said, Why tempt ye me, ye hypocrites?" 4680, "I saw in the night visions, and, behold, one like the Son of man came with the clouds of heaven, and came to the Ancient of days, and they brought him near before him." 9190, "And now the wise men, the astrologers, have been brought in before me, that they should read this writing, and make known unto me the interpretation thereof: but they could not shew the interpretation of the thing:" 2410, "Again he measured a thousand, and brought me through the waters; the waters were to the knees. Again he measured a thousand, and brought me through; the waters were to the loins." 2480, "Therefore if thou bring thy gift to the altar, and there rememberest that thy brother hath ought against thee;" 7770, "And, behold, they cried out, saying, What have we to do with thee, Jesus, thou Son of God? art thou come hither to torment us before the time?" 5590, "But I will send a fire into the house of Hazael, which shall devour the palaces of Benhadad." 2060, "Forasmuch as an excellent spirit, and knowledge, and understanding, interpreting of dreams, and shewing of hard sentences, and dissolving of doubts, were found in the same Daniel, whom the king named Belteshazzar: now let Daniel be called, and he will shew the interpretation." 2400, "But when they deliver you up, take no thought how or what ye shall speak: for it shall be given you in that same hour what ye shall speak." 6550, "While the bridegroom tarried, they all slumbered and slept." 10600, "And when the children of thy people shall speak unto thee, saying, Wilt thou not shew us what thou meanest by these?" 3390, "Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will yet for this be enquired of by the house of Israel, to do it for them; I will increase them with men like a flock." 1990, "I am the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob? God is not the God of the dead, but of the living." 31300, "And if thy right hand offend thee, cut it off, and cast it from thee: for it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell." 8300, "And it shall come to pass in that day, that the prophets shall be ashamed every one of his vision, when he hath prophesied; neither shall they wear a rough garment to deceive:" 1950, "As concerning the rest of the beasts, they had their dominion taken away: yet their lives were prolonged for a season and time." 2900, "And by a prophet the LORD brought Israel out of Egypt, and by a prophet was he preserved." 2360, "Then said he unto me, These waters issue out toward the east country, and go down into the desert, and go into the sea: which being brought forth into the sea, the waters shall be healed." 3790, "For I say unto you, Ye shall not see me henceforth, till ye shall say, Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord." 8070, "Fill ye up then the measure of your fathers." 7140, "So the devils besought him, saying, If thou cast us out, suffer us to go away into the herd of swine." 3860, "Then came to Jesus scribes and Pharisees, which were of Jerusalem, saying," 4500, "But when they sought to lay hands on him, they feared the multitude, because they took him for a prophet." 4690, "Therefore their goods shall become a booty, and their houses a desolation: they shall also build houses, but not inhabit them; and they shall plant vineyards, but not drink the wine thereof." 2150, "And by the border of Reuben, from the east side unto the west side, a portion for Judah." 1710, "Then they came near, and spake before the king concerning the king's decree; Hast thou not signed a decree, that every man that shall ask a petition of any God or man within thirty days, save of thee, O king, shall be cast into the den of lions? The king answered and said, The thing is true, according to the law of the Medes and Persians, which altereth not." 2420, "Thy shepherds slumber, O king of Assyria: thy nobles shall dwell in the dust: thy people is scattered upon the mountains, and no man gathereth them." 1880, "This dream I king Nebuchadnezzar have seen. Now thou, O Belteshazzar, declare the interpretation thereof, forasmuch as all the wise men of my kingdom are not able to make known unto me the interpretation: but thou art able; for the spirit of the holy gods is in thee." 2160, "For I will be unto Ephraim as a lion, and as a young lion to the house of Judah: I, even I, will tear and go away; I will take away, and none shall rescue him." 1870, "For they have made ready their heart like an oven, whiles they lie in wait: their baker sleepeth all the night; in the morning it burneth as a flaming fire." 1930, "Verily I say unto you, That he shall make him ruler over all his goods." 13200, "And two olive trees by it, one upon the right side of the bowl, and the other upon the left side thereof." 3040, "And they have cast lots for my people; and have given a boy for an harlot, and sold a girl for wine, that they might drink." 2740, "While he yet spake, behold, a bright cloud overshadowed them: and behold a voice out of the cloud, which said, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased; hear ye him." 6200, "And I will cut off the chariot from Ephraim, and the horse from Jerusalem, and the battle bow shall be cut off: and he shall speak peace unto the heathen: and his dominion shall be from sea even to sea, and from the river even to the ends of the earth." 2420, "Then the disciples understood that he spake unto them of John the Baptist." 5800, "The governor answered and said unto them, Whether of the twain will ye that I release unto you? They said, Barabbas." 3570, "The waters compassed me about, even to the soul: the depth closed me round about, the weeds were wrapped about my head." 2650, "Either make the tree good, and his fruit good; or else make the tree corrupt, and his fruit corrupt: for the tree is known by his fruit." 5940, "Be silent, O all flesh, before the LORD: for he is raised up out of his holy habitation." 2400, "The LORD will cut off the man that doeth this, the master and the scholar, out of the tabernacles of Jacob, and him that offereth an offering unto the LORD of hosts." 2360, "Then Amaziah the priest of Bethel sent to Jeroboam king of Israel, saying, Amos hath conspired against thee in the midst of the house of Israel: the land is not able to bear all his words." 2100, "After this I saw in the night visions, and behold a fourth beast, dreadful and terrible, and strong exceedingly; and it had great iron teeth: it devoured and brake in pieces, and stamped the residue with the feet of it: and it was diverse from all the beasts that were before it; and it had ten horns." 5160, "And besought him that they might only touch the hem of his garment: and as many as touched were made perfectly whole." 3610, "Therefore say unto the house of Israel, Thus saith the Lord GOD; I do not this for your sakes, O house of Israel, but for mine holy name's sake, which ye have profaned among the heathen, whither ye went." 2480, "But when Jesus knew it, he withdrew himself from thence: and great multitudes followed him, and he healed them all;" 3680, "The chambers were in the thickness of the wall of the court toward the east, over against the separate place, and over against the building." 1690, "Arise and thresh, O daughter of Zion: for I will make thine horn iron, and I will make thy hoofs brass: and thou shalt beat in pieces many people: and I will consecrate their gain unto the LORD, and their substance unto the Lord of the whole earth." 2250, "They shall lick the dust like a serpent, they shall move out of their holes like worms of the earth: they shall be afraid of the LORD our God, and shall fear because of thee." 2280, "Thus Melzar took away the portion of their meat, and the wine that they should drink; and gave them pulse." 2590, "But when Herod's birthday was kept, the daughter of Herodias danced before them, and pleased Herod." 3240, "He shall stretch forth his hand also upon the countries: and the land of Egypt shall not escape." 4550, "And I say unto you, Whosoever shall put away his wife, except it be for fornication, and shall marry another, committeth adultery: and whoso marrieth her which is put away doth commit adultery." 9100, "His lord said unto him, Well done, good and faithful servant; thou hast been faithful over a few things, I will make thee ruler over many things: enter thou into the joy of thy lord." 7810, "Now when Jesus was in Bethany, in the house of Simon the leper," 8270, "And when the men of that place had knowledge of him, they sent out into all that country round about, and brought unto him all that were diseased;" 2950, "After this manner therefore pray ye: Our Father which art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name." 17700, "Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against the shepherds; and I will require my flock at their hand, and cause them to cease from feeding the flock; neither shall the shepherds feed themselves any more; for I will deliver my flock from their mouth, that they may not be meat for them." 2330, "Come, and let us return unto the LORD: for he hath torn, and he will heal us; he hath smitten, and he will bind us up." 5170, "Now there were with us seven brethren: and the first, when he had married a wife, deceased, and, having no issue, left his wife unto his brother:" 3520, "I Nebuchadnezzar was at rest in mine house, and flourishing in my palace:" 2180, "The first was like a lion, and had eagle's wings: I beheld till the wings thereof were plucked, and it was lifted up from the earth, and made stand upon the feet as a man, and a man's heart was given to it." 3630, "Therefore the prudent shall keep silence in that time; for it is an evil time." 2780, "Then saith he unto them, My soul is exceeding sorrowful, even unto death: tarry ye here, and watch with me." 5480, "His lord said unto him, Well done, thou good and faithful servant: thou hast been faithful over a few things, I will make thee ruler over many things: enter thou into the joy of thy lord." 9020, "But the priests the Levites, the sons of Zadok, that kept the charge of my sanctuary when the children of Israel went astray from me, they shall come near to me to minister unto me, and they shall stand before me to offer unto me the fat and the blood, saith the Lord GOD:" 2140, "And over against the border of the priests the Levites shall have five and twenty thousand in length, and ten thousand in breadth: all the length shall be five and twenty thousand, and the breadth ten thousand." 1960, "Out of him came forth the corner, out of him the nail, out of him the battle bow, out of him every oppressor together." 1910, "In the eighth month, in the second year of Darius, came the word of the LORD unto Zechariah, the son of Berechiah, the son of Iddo the prophet, saying," 4340, "For the LORD hath turned away the excellency of Jacob, as the excellency of Israel: for the emptiers have emptied them out, and marred their vine branches." 1660, "Then Jesus answered and said unto her, O woman, great is thy faith: be it unto thee even as thou wilt. And her daughter was made whole from that very hour." 5210, "So two or three cities wandered unto one city, to drink water; but they were not satisfied: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith the LORD." 1880, "And he commanded the multitude to sit down on the ground." 12300, "The LORD repented for this: This also shall not be, saith the Lord GOD." 2070, "But God prepared a worm when the morning rose the next day, and it smote the gourd that it withered." 2370, "But they refused to hearken, and pulled away the shoulder, and stopped their ears, that they should not hear." 2500, "But of that day and hour knoweth no man, no, not the angels of heaven, but my Father only." 21700, "And say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will take the children of Israel from among the heathen, whither they be gone, and will gather them on every side, and bring them into their own land:" 3220, "While the Pharisees were gathered together, Jesus asked them," 11000, "For he taught them as one having authority, and not as the scribes." 20500, "All the families that remain, every family apart, and their wives apart." 2420, "And thou shalt prepare a meat offering for it every morning, the sixth part of an ephah, and the third part of an hin of oil, to temper with the fine flour; a meat offering continually by a perpetual ordinance unto the LORD." 1680, "And he cast down the pieces of silver in the temple, and departed, and went and hanged himself." 6550, "Then they brought the golden vessels that were taken out of the temple of the house of God which was at Jerusalem; and the king, and his princes, his wives, and his concubines, drank in them." 2830, "For the seed shall be prosperous; the vine shall give her fruit, and the ground shall give her increase, and the heavens shall give their dew; and I will cause the remnant of this people to possess all these things." 1930, "Then answered Peter, and said unto Jesus, Lord, it is good for us to be here: if thou wilt, let us make here three tabernacles; one for thee, and one for Moses, and one for Elias." 4740, "If ye will not hear, and if ye will not lay it to heart, to give glory unto my name, saith the LORD of hosts, I will even send a curse upon you, and I will curse your blessings: yea, I have cursed them already, because ye do not lay it to heart." 3260, "And after they were brought to Babylon, Jechonias begat Salathiel; and Salathiel begat Zorobabel;" 3750, "Then came in the magicians, the astrologers, the Chaldeans, and the soothsayers: and I told the dream before them; but they did not make known unto me the interpretation thereof." 2050, "How much then is a man better than a sheep? Wherefore it is lawful to do well on the sabbath days." 4270, "And saith unto him, All these things will I give thee, if thou wilt fall down and worship me." 10900, "And when Jesus was come into Peter's house, he saw his wife's mother laid, and sick of a fever." 4050, "And in the feasts and in the solemnities the meat offering shall be an ephah to a bullock, and an ephah to a ram, and to the lambs as he is able to give, and an hin of oil to an ephah." 222, "And whosoever will be chief among you, let him be your servant:" 10700, "For the rich men thereof are full of violence, and the inhabitants thereof have spoken lies, and their tongue is deceitful in their mouth." 2300, "And, lo, thou art unto them as a very lovely song of one that hath a pleasant voice, and can play well on an instrument: for they hear thy words, but they do them not." 2750, "Thus speaketh the LORD of hosts, saying, This people say, The time is not come, the time that the LORD'S house should be built." 2370, "And the revolters are profound to make slaughter, though I have been a rebuker of them all." 1650, "But when he saw the wind boisterous, he was afraid; and beginning to sink, he cried, saying, Lord, save me." 8500, "Set the trumpet to thy mouth. He shall come as an eagle against the house of the LORD, because they have transgressed my covenant, and trespassed against my law." 2060, "And she, being before instructed of her mother, said, Give me here John Baptist's head in a charger." 3030, "It came to pass also in the twelfth year, in the fifteenth day of the month, that the word of the LORD came unto me, saying," 3220, "Verily I say unto you, Wheresoever this gospel shall be preached in the whole world, there shall also this, that this woman hath done, be told for a memorial of her." 4340, "Then answered Peter and said unto him, Behold, we have forsaken all, and followed thee; what shall we have therefore?" 3970, "Howl, ye inhabitants of Maktesh, for all the merchant people are cut down; all they that bear silver are cut off." 1910, "And the word of the LORD came unto Zechariah, saying," 1990, "Then came in all the king's wise men: but they could not read the writing, nor make known to the king the interpretation thereof." 2460, "Then I lifted up mine eyes, and looked, and behold a certain man clothed in linen, whose loins were girded with fine gold of Uphaz:" 2560, "The word of the LORD that came to Micah the Morasthite in the days of Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, kings of Judah, which he saw concerning Samaria and Jerusalem." 2470, "For I have caused my terror in the land of the living: and he shall be laid in the midst of the uncircumcised with them that are slain with the sword, even Pharaoh and all his multitude, saith the Lord GOD." 227, "Blessed is that servant, whom his lord when he cometh shall find so doing." 17200, "Therefore when they were gathered together, Pilate said unto them, Whom will ye that I release unto you? Barabbas, or Jesus which is called Christ?" 4010, "For in that she hath poured this ointment on my body, she did it for my burial." 3760, "Therefore shall the land mourn, and every one that dwelleth therein shall languish, with the beasts of the field, and with the fowls of heaven; yea, the fishes of the sea also shall be taken away." 3130, "For I will gather all nations against Jerusalem to battle; and the city shall be taken, and the houses rifled, and the women ravished; and half of the city shall go forth into captivity, and the residue of the people shall not be cut off from the city." 8930, "And he that taketh not his cross, and followeth after me, is not worthy of me." 13100, "Then his lord, after that he had called him, said unto him, O thou wicked servant, I forgave thee all that debt, because thou desiredst me:" 4490, "O thou inhabitant of Lachish, bind the chariot to the swift beast: she is the beginning of the sin to the daughter of Zion: for the transgressions of Israel were found in thee." 2040, "Now the next day, that followed the day of the preparation, the chief priests and Pharisees came together unto Pilate," 3940, "And he saith unto him, Friend, how camest thou in hither not having a wedding garment? And he was speechless." 5820, "And Jesus came and touched them, and said, Arise, and be not afraid." 5940, "Then was the secret revealed unto Daniel in a night vision. Then Daniel blessed the God of heaven." 2810, "For the vision is yet for an appointed time, but at the end it shall speak, and not lie: though it tarry, wait for it; because it will surely come, it will not tarry." 8270, "And he came to the ram that had two horns, which I had seen standing before the river, and ran unto him in the fury of his power." 2610, "And he went a little further, and fell on his face, and prayed, saying, O my Father, if it be possible, let this cup pass from me: nevertheless not as I will, but as thou wilt." 4690, "And it came to pass, as Jesus sat at meat in the house, behold, many publicans and sinners came and sat down with him and his disciples." 3720, "Yet will I bring an heir unto thee, O inhabitant of Mareshah: he shall come unto Adullam the glory of Israel." 1900, "And it shall come to pass afterward, that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, your old men shall dream dreams, your young men shall see visions:" 12600, "I will break also the bar of Damascus, and cut off the inhabitant from the plain of Aven, and him that holdeth the sceptre from the house of Eden: and the people of Syria shall go into captivity unto Kir, saith the LORD." 2400, "And he took with him Peter and the two sons of Zebedee, and began to be sorrowful and very heavy." 5190, "And leaving Nazareth, he came and dwelt in Capernaum, which is upon the sea coast, in the borders of Zabulon and Nephthalim:" 3660, "Therefore, O thou son of man, speak unto the house of Israel; Thus ye speak, saying, If our transgressions and our sins be upon us, and we pine away in them, how should we then live?" 2060, "Who then is a faithful and wise servant, whom his lord hath made ruler over his household, to give them meat in due season?" 12900, "For the Son of man shall come in the glory of his Father with his angels; and then he shall reward every man according to his works." 11500, "And Josias begat Jechonias and his brethren, about the time they were carried away to Babylon:" 3890, "And he came and found them asleep again: for their eyes were heavy." 7430, "But when he heard that Archelaus did reign in Judaea in the room of his father Herod, he was afraid to go thither: notwithstanding, being warned of God in a dream, he turned aside into the parts of Galilee:" 3530, "And it came to pass in the fourth year of king Darius, that the word of the LORD came unto Zechariah in the fourth day of the ninth month, even in Chisleu;" 2000, "When the priests enter therein, then shall they not go out of the holy place into the utter court, but there they shall lay their garments wherein they minister; for they are holy; and shall put on other garments, and shall approach to those things which are for the people." 1580, "And if ye offer the blind for sacrifice, is it not evil? and if ye offer the lame and sick, is it not evil? offer it now unto thy governor; will he be pleased with thee, or accept thy person? saith the LORD of hosts." 2340, "And Jesus said unto them, Can the children of the bridechamber mourn, as long as the bridegroom is with them? but the days will come, when the bridegroom shall be taken from them, and then shall they fast." 3320, "And four great beasts came up from the sea, diverse one from another." 4600, "And going on from thence, he saw other two brethren, James the son of Zebedee, and John his brother, in a ship with Zebedee their father, mending their nets; and he called them." 3880, "And when the time of the fruit drew near, he sent his servants to the husbandmen, that they might receive the fruits of it." 4740, "To the end that none of all the trees by the waters exalt themselves for their height, neither shoot up their top among the thick boughs, neither their trees stand up in their height, all that drink water: for they are all delivered unto death, to the nether parts of the earth, in the midst of the children of men, with them that go down to the pit." 1860, "And their windows, and their arches, and their palm trees, were after the measure of the gate that looketh toward the east; and they went up unto it by seven steps; and the arches thereof were before them." 222, "Wherefore that field was called, The field of blood, unto this day." 4140, "There is a man in thy kingdom, in whom is the spirit of the holy gods; and in the days of thy father light and understanding and wisdom, like the wisdom of the gods, was found in him; whom the king Nebuchadnezzar thy father, the king, I say, thy father, made master of the magicians, astrologers, Chaldeans, and soothsayers;" 2390, "All this was done, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet, saying," 217, "O LORD, I have heard thy speech, and was afraid: O LORD, revive thy work in the midst of the years, in the midst of the years make known; in wrath remember mercy." 2570, "According to the word that I covenanted with you when ye came out of Egypt, so my spirit remaineth among you: fear ye not." 2360, "Ephraim shall say, What have I to do any more with idols? I have heard him, and observed him: I am like a green fir tree. From me is thy fruit found." 1850, "In the day that thou stoodest on the other side, in the day that the strangers carried away captive his forces, and foreigners entered into his gates, and cast lots upon Jerusalem, even thou wast as one of them." 2320, "And of this measure shalt thou measure the length of five and twenty thousand, and the breadth of ten thousand: and in it shall be the sanctuary and the most holy place." 1580, "It shall be for the priests that are sanctified of the sons of Zadok; which have kept my charge, which went not astray when the children of Israel went astray, as the Levites went astray." 2040, "But in vain they do worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men." 14800, "Saying, These last have wrought but one hour, and thou hast made them equal unto us, which have borne the burden and heat of the day." 4130, "Prophesy ye not, say they to them that prophesy: they shall not prophesy to them, that they shall not take shame." 1920, "And Jesus came and spake unto them, saying, All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth." 27400, "But he that had received one went and digged in the earth, and hid his lord's money." 6110, "And the angel of the LORD protested unto Joshua, saying," 2230, "And though they go into captivity before their enemies, thence will I command the sword, and it shall slay them: and I will set mine eyes upon them for evil, and not for good." 1550, "Then Herod, when he saw that he was mocked of the wise men, was exceeding wroth, and sent forth, and slew all the children that were in Bethlehem, and in all the coasts thereof, from two years old and under, according to the time which he had diligently enquired of the wise men." 4650, "Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time, Thou shalt not kill; and whosoever shall kill shall be in danger of the judgment:" 9300, "And God said to Jonah, Doest thou well to be angry for the gourd? And he said, I do well to be angry, even unto death." 2430, "But he answered and said, I am not sent but unto the lost sheep of the house of Israel." 12700, "But and if that evil servant shall say in his heart, My lord delayeth his coming;" 9820, "And he was there in the wilderness forty days, tempted of Satan; and was with the wild beasts; and the angels ministered unto him." 4230, "And they that kept them fled, and went their ways into the city, and told every thing, and what was befallen to the possessed of the devils." 2720, "And Jesus arose, and followed him, and so did his disciples." 11300, "And in them is fulfilled the prophecy of Esaias, which saith, By hearing ye shall hear, and shall not understand; and seeing ye shall see, and shall not perceive:" 6070, "And I will bring them out from the people, and gather them from the countries, and will bring them to their own land, and feed them upon the mountains of Israel by the rivers, and in all the inhabited places of the country." 2860, "Then came Peter to him, and said, Lord, how oft shall my brother sin against me, and I forgive him? till seven times?" 8860, "Ye have heard that it hath been said, An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth:" 22100, "But if ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses." 17800, "And it shall come to pass in that day, that the light shall not be clear, nor dark:" 3970, "They have deeply corrupted themselves, as in the days of Gibeah: therefore he will remember their iniquity, he will visit their sins." 1680, "What I tell you in darkness, that speak ye in light: and what ye hear in the ear, that preach ye upon the housetops." 6230, "And the Lord gave Jehoiakim king of Judah into his hand, with part of the vessels of the house of God: which he carried into the land of Shinar to the house of his god; and he brought the vessels into the treasure house of his god." 2530, "Thus saith the LORD of hosts; The fast of the fourth month, and the fast of the fifth, and the fast of the seventh, and the fast of the tenth, shall be to the house of Judah joy and gladness, and cheerful feasts; therefore love the truth and peace." 2240, "And some fell among thorns; and the thorns sprung up, and choked them:" 6150, "For they bind heavy burdens and grievous to be borne, and lay them on men's shoulders; but they themselves will not move them with one of their fingers." 6210, "Then was king Belshazzar greatly troubled, and his countenance was changed in him, and his lords were astonied." 2210, "And he commanded the most mighty men that were in his army to bind Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, and to cast them into the burning fiery furnace." 2300, "Thou, O king, sawest, and behold a great image. This great image, whose brightness was excellent, stood before thee; and the form thereof was terrible." 3430, "And they that are far off shall come and build in the temple of the LORD, and ye shall know that the LORD of hosts hath sent me unto you. And this shall come to pass, if ye will diligently obey the voice of the LORD your God." 1830, "Then shall the King say unto them on his right hand, Come, ye blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world:" 20400, "So likewise shall my heavenly Father do also unto you, if ye from your hearts forgive not every one his brother their trespasses." 6890, "Yea, all Israel have transgressed thy law, even by departing, that they might not obey thy voice; therefore the curse is poured upon us, and the oath that is written in the law of Moses the servant of God, because we have sinned against him." 2670, "And the decree went forth that the wise men should be slain; and they sought Daniel and his fellows to be slain." 2680, "So those servants went out into the highways, and gathered together all as many as they found, both bad and good: and the wedding was furnished with guests." 4840, "And this shall be the plague wherewith the LORD will smite all the people that have fought against Jerusalem; Their flesh shall consume away while they stand upon their feet, and their eyes shall consume away in their holes, and their tongue shall consume away in their mouth." 4640, "Verily I say unto thee, Thou shalt by no means come out thence, till thou hast paid the uttermost farthing." 6430, "Woe unto the inhabitants of the sea coast, the nation of the Cherethites! the word of the LORD is against you; O Canaan, the land of the Philistines, I will even destroy thee, that there shall be no inhabitant." 1960, "All the land shall be turned as a plain from Geba to Rimmon south of Jerusalem: and it shall be lifted up, and inhabited in her place, from Benjamin's gate unto the place of the first gate, unto the corner gate, and from the tower of Hananeel unto the king's winepresses." 2640, "And when they had lifted up their eyes, they saw no man, save Jesus only." 5920, "Whoredom and wine and new wine take away the heart." 3320, "And Peter answered him and said, Lord, if it be thou, bid me come unto thee on the water." 7190, "And he shall prepare a meat offering, an ephah for a bullock, and an ephah for a ram, and for the lambs according as his hand shall attain unto, and an hin of oil to an ephah." 1630, "So when even was come, the lord of the vineyard saith unto his steward, Call the labourers, and give them their hire, beginning from the last unto the first." 3680, "I saw the tents of Cushan in affliction: and the curtains of the land of Midian did tremble." 2470, "I have loved you, saith the LORD. Yet ye say, Wherein hast thou loved us? Was not Esau Jacob's brother? saith the LORD: yet I loved Jacob," 3210, "There is a voice of the howling of the shepherds; for their glory is spoiled: a voice of the roaring of young lions; for the pride of Jordan is spoiled." 1890, "Ye offer polluted bread upon mine altar; and ye say, Wherein have we polluted thee? In that ye say, The table of the LORD is contemptible." 2430, "And the king shall do according to his will; and he shall exalt himself, and magnify himself above every god, and shall speak marvellous things against the God of gods, and shall prosper till the indignation be accomplished: for that that is determined shall be done." 4110, "Thus will I magnify myself, and sanctify myself; and I will be known in the eyes of many nations, and they shall know that I am the LORD." 4320, "Lament like a virgin girded with sackcloth for the husband of her youth." 4150, "And I will cut off the inhabitant from Ashdod, and him that holdeth the sceptre from Ashkelon, and I will turn mine hand against Ekron: and the remnant of the Philistines shall perish, saith the Lord GOD." 2190, "He rebuketh the sea, and maketh it dry, and drieth up all the rivers: Bashan languisheth, and Carmel, and the flower of Lebanon languisheth." 2660, "And when they came that were hired about the eleventh hour, they received every man a penny." 4520, "And when thou prayest, thou shalt not be as the hypocrites are: for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and in the corners of the streets, that they may be seen of men. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward." 11200, "And I will execute vengeance in anger and fury upon the heathen, such as they have not heard." 2210, "And in that day will I make Jerusalem a burdensome stone for all people: all that burden themselves with it shall be cut in pieces, though all the people of the earth be gathered together against it." 22800, "Though ye offer me burnt offerings and your meat offerings, I will not accept them: neither will I regard the peace offerings of your fat beasts." 2200, "In the same day also will I punish all those that leap on the threshold, which fill their masters' houses with violence and deceit." 2350, "And it shall be at that day, saith the LORD, that thou shalt call me Ishi; and shalt call me no more Baali." 2700, "That we may buy the poor for silver, and the needy for a pair of shoes; yea, and sell the refuse of the wheat?" 2190, "And saying, Lord, my servant lieth at home sick of the palsy, grievously tormented." 4300, "And the word of the LORD of hosts came unto me, saying," 162, "And, behold, one of them which were with Jesus stretched out his hand, and drew his sword, and struck a servant of the high priest's, and smote off his ear." 3670, "Yea, many people and strong nations shall come to seek the LORD of hosts in Jerusalem, and to pray before the LORD." 2530, "Therefore shalt thou give presents to Moreshethgath: the houses of Achzib shall be a lie to the kings of Israel." 1770, "Whose possessors slay them, and hold themselves not guilty: and they that sell them say, Blessed be the LORD; for I am rich: and their own shepherds pity them not." 1960, "For I am come to set a man at variance against his father, and the daughter against her mother, and the daughter in law against her mother in law." 21600, "And he said, Amos, what seest thou? And I said, A basket of summer fruit. Then said the LORD unto me, The end is come upon my people of Israel; I will not again pass by them any more." 2420, "And, thou son of man, thus saith the Lord GOD; Speak unto every feathered fowl, and to every beast of the field, Assemble yourselves, and come; gather yourselves on every side to my sacrifice that I do sacrifice for you, even a great sacrifice upon the mountains of Israel, that ye may eat flesh, and drink blood." 2380, "Blessed are the merciful: for they shall obtain mercy." 51700, "The LORD hath also a controversy with Judah, and will punish Jacob according to his ways; according to his doings will he recompense him." 2300, "And why beholdest thou the mote that is in thy brother's eye, but considerest not the beam that is in thine own eye?" 18600, "Even the LORD God of hosts; the LORD is his memorial." 3330, "And as they were eating, Jesus took bread, and blessed it, and brake it, and gave it to the disciples, and said, Take, eat; this is my body." 9800, "Take thou away from me the noise of thy songs; for I will not hear the melody of thy viols." 2920, "O my people, what have I done unto thee? and wherein have I wearied thee? testify against me." 2340, "And flocks shall lie down in the midst of her, all the beasts of the nations: both the cormorant and the bittern shall lodge in the upper lintels of it; their voice shall sing in the windows; desolation shall be in the thresholds: for he shall uncover the cedar work." 1770, "But out of a branch of her roots shall one stand up in his estate, which shall come with an army, and shall enter into the fortress of the king of the north, and shall deal against them, and shall prevail:" 2100, "Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them." 26500, "And shall deliver him to the Gentiles to mock, and to scourge, and to crucify him: and the third day he shall rise again." 5270, "And the angel that talked with me came again, and waked me, as a man that is wakened out of his sleep," 2780, "And every one that hath forsaken houses, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my name's sake, shall receive an hundredfold, and shall inherit everlasting life." 6430, "And call no man your father upon the earth: for one is your Father, which is in heaven." 31800, "Not that which goeth into the mouth defileth a man; but that which cometh out of the mouth, this defileth a man." 6650, "Then Nebuchadnezzar spake, and said, Blessed be the God of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, who hath sent his angel, and delivered his servants that trusted in him, and have changed the king's word, and yielded their bodies, that they might not serve nor worship any god, except their own God." 2310, "Now the hand of the LORD was upon me in the evening, afore he that was escaped came; and had opened my mouth, until he came to me in the morning; and my mouth was opened, and I was no more dumb." 1930, "Wherewith shall I come before the LORD, and bow myself before the high God? shall I come before him with burnt offerings, with calves of a year old?" 3470, "And Jesus said unto them, Come ye after me, and I will make you to become fishers of men." 7660, "Shall horses run upon the rock? will one plow there with oxen? for ye have turned judgment into gall, and the fruit of righteousness into hemlock:" 1790, "According to their pasture, so were they filled; they were filled, and their heart was exalted; therefore have they forgotten me." 1950, "And he took the seven loaves and the fishes, and gave thanks, and brake them, and gave to his disciples, and the disciples to the multitude." 4930, "Yet let no man strive, nor reprove another: for thy people are as they that strive with the priest." 2000, "For thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I, even I, will both search my sheep, and seek them out." 3520, "And the king spake unto Ashpenaz the master of his eunuchs, that he should bring certain of the children of Israel, and of the king's seed, and of the princes;" 3380, "But if ye will not make known unto me the dream, there is but one decree for you: for ye have prepared lying and corrupt words to speak before me, till the time be changed: therefore tell me the dream, and I shall know that ye can shew me the interpretation thereof." 2190, "But truly I am full of power by the spirit of the LORD, and of judgment, and of might, to declare unto Jacob his transgression, and to Israel his sin." 1920, "Yea, whiles I was speaking in prayer, even the man Gabriel, whom I had seen in the vision at the beginning, being caused to fly swiftly, touched me about the time of the evening oblation." 3090, "Because ye have taken my silver and my gold, and have carried into your temples my goodly pleasant things:" 2010, "And when they were gone over, they came into the land of Gennesaret." 3850, "And I will destroy her vines and her fig trees, whereof she hath said, These are my rewards that my lovers have given me: and I will make them a forest, and the beasts of the field shall eat them." 1780, "He measured it by the four sides: it had a wall round about, five hundred reeds long, and five hundred broad, to make a separation between the sanctuary and the profane place." 1890, "Again I say unto you, That if two of you shall agree on earth as touching any thing that they shall ask, it shall be done for them of my Father which is in heaven." 11500, "Let them alone: they be blind leaders of the blind. And if the blind lead the blind, both shall fall into the ditch." 8820, "So they took the money, and did as they were taught: and this saying is commonly reported among the Jews until this day." 4180, "And I will betroth thee unto me for ever; yea, I will betroth thee unto me in righteousness, and in judgment, and in lovingkindness, and in mercies." 2430, "Then goeth he, and taketh with himself seven other spirits more wicked than himself, and they enter in and dwell there: and the last state of that man is worse than the first. Even so shall it be also unto this wicked generation." 4670, "At the same time my reason returned unto me; and for the glory of my kingdom, mine honour and brightness returned unto me; and my counsellors and my lords sought unto me; and I was established in my kingdom, and excellent majesty was added unto me." 2250, "Thus saith the LORD of hosts; In those days it shall come to pass, that ten men shall take hold out of all languages of the nations, even shall take hold of the skirt of him that is a Jew, saying, We will go with you: for we have heard that God is with you." 3190, "And the King shall answer and say unto them, Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me." 22300, "Afterward he brought me again unto the door of the house; and, behold, waters issued out from under the threshold of the house eastward: for the forefront of the house stood toward the east, and the waters came down from under from the right side of the house, at the south side of the altar." 2830, "But Peter followed him afar off unto the high priest's palace, and went in, and sat with the servants, to see the end." 3660, "And they that be wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament; and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars for ever and ever." 11600, "Fear them not therefore: for there is nothing covered, that shall not be revealed; and hid, that shall not be known." 29700, "Then Nebuchadnezzar the king sent to gather together the princes, the governors, and the captains, the judges, the treasurers, the counsellors, the sheriffs, and all the rulers of the provinces, to come to the dedication of the image which Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up." 2370, "And when he was come into Jerusalem, all the city was moved, saying, Who is this?" 5830, "Again, ye have heard that it hath been said by them of old time, Thou shalt not forswear thyself, but shalt perform unto the Lord thine oaths:" 5710, "But ye, O mountains of Israel, ye shall shoot forth your branches, and yield your fruit to my people of Israel; for they are at hand to come." 2190, "So the servants of the householder came and said unto him, Sir, didst not thou sow good seed in thy field? from whence then hath it tares?" 6880, "Thus speaketh the LORD of hosts, saying, Execute true judgment, and shew mercy and compassions every man to his brother:" 2150, "For, lo, they are gone because of destruction: Egypt shall gather them up, Memphis shall bury them: the pleasant places for their silver, nettles shall possess them: thorns shall be in their tabernacles." 1670, "And was there until the death of Herod: that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet, saying, Out of Egypt have I called my son." 6110, "Neither shall he stand that handleth the bow; and he that is swift of foot shall not deliver himself: neither shall he that rideth the horse deliver himself." 2210, "For word came unto the king of Nineveh, and he arose from his throne, and he laid his robe from him, and covered him with sackcloth, and sat in ashes." 2640, "Thou shalt fall upon the mountains of Israel, thou, and all thy bands, and the people that is with thee: I will give thee unto the ravenous birds of every sort, and to the beasts of the field to be devoured." 3130, "In that day shall the LORD defend the inhabitants of Jerusalem; and he that is feeble among them at that day shall be as David; and the house of David shall be as God, as the angel of the LORD before them." 3920, "The space also before the little chambers was one cubit on this side, and the space was one cubit on that side: and the little chambers were six cubits on this side, and six cubits on that side." 1730, "And I will make them one nation in the land upon the mountains of Israel; and one king shall be king to them all: and they shall be no more two nations, neither shall they be divided into two kingdoms any more at all:" 4640, "A fire devoureth before them; and behind them a flame burneth: the land is as the garden of Eden before them, and behind them a desolate wilderness; yea, and nothing shall escape them." 4320, "For thus saith the LORD of hosts; After the glory hath he sent me unto the nations which spoiled you: for he that toucheth you toucheth the apple of his eye." 3510, "And when he had called unto him his twelve disciples, he gave them power against unclean spirits, to cast them out, and to heal all manner of sickness and all manner of disease." 6470, "Ye stand upon your sword, ye work abomination, and ye defile every one his neighbour's wife: and shall ye possess the land?" 1880, "The centurion answered and said, Lord, I am not worthy that thou shouldest come under my roof: but speak the word only, and my servant shall be healed." 5050, "And it came to pass in those days, that Jesus came from Nazareth of Galilee, and was baptized of John in Jordan." 4440, "And whosoever shall fall on this stone shall be broken: but on whomsoever it shall fall, it will grind him to powder." 10400, "And greetings in the markets, and to be called of men, Rabbi, Rabbi." 5290, "And the LORD shall be king over all the earth: in that day shall there be one LORD, and his name one." 8280, "For the Son of man is come to save that which was lost." 34400, "Thou hast multiplied thy merchants above the stars of heaven: the cankerworm spoileth, and flieth away." 239, "And this is the writing that was written, MENE, MENE, TEKEL, UPHARSIN." 4440, "And thou shalt know that I am the LORD, and that I have heard all thy blasphemies which thou hast spoken against the mountains of Israel, saying, They are laid desolate, they are given us to consume." 1730, "And the south side southward, from Tamar even to the waters of strife in Kadesh, the river to the great sea. And this is the south side southward." 2220, "And Jacob begat Joseph the husband of Mary, of whom was born Jesus, who is called Christ." 7620, "In the seventh month, in the fifteenth day of the month, shall he do the like in the feast of the seven days, according to the sin offering, according to the burnt offering, and according to the meat offering, and according to the oil." 1650, "Wherefore, behold, I send unto you prophets, and wise men, and scribes: and some of them ye shall kill and crucify; and some of them shall ye scourge in your synagogues, and persecute them from city to city:" 5510, "He is a merchant, the balances of deceit are in his hand: he loveth to oppress." 2060, "And he was driven from the sons of men; and his heart was made like the beasts, and his dwelling was with the wild asses: they fed him with grass like oxen, and his body was wet with the dew of heaven; till he knew that the most high God ruled in the kingdom of men, and that he appointeth over it whomsoever he will." 2180, "And his lord was wroth, and delivered him to the tormentors, till he should pay all that was due unto him." 5830, "Behold, I will send my messenger, and he shall prepare the way before me: and the Lord, whom ye seek, shall suddenly come to his temple, even the messenger of the covenant, whom ye delight in: behold, he shall come, saith the LORD of hosts." 7830, "Yet was she carried away, she went into captivity: her young children also were dashed in pieces at the top of all the streets: and they cast lots for her honourable men, and all her great men were bound in chains." 1810, "And fear not them which kill the body, but are not able to kill the soul: but rather fear him which is able to destroy both soul and body in hell." 24600, "The lion did tear in pieces enough for his whelps, and strangled for his lionesses, and filled his holes with prey, and his dens with ravin." 1920, "And the king of the south shall be strong, and one of his princes; and he shall be strong above him, and have dominion; his dominion shall be a great dominion." 2410, "In that day it shall be said to Jerusalem, Fear thou not: and to Zion, Let not thine hands be slack." 2290, "And he brought me into the inner court toward the east: and he measured the gate according to these measures." 1980, "Woe unto thee, Chorazin! woe unto thee, Bethsaida! for if the mighty works, which were done in you, had been done in Tyre and Sidon, they would have repented long ago in sackcloth and ashes." 4860, "And now they sin more and more, and have made them molten images of their silver, and idols according to their own understanding, all of it the work of the craftsmen: they say of them, Let the men that sacrifice kiss the calves." 1960, "And, behold, there appeared unto them Moses and Elias talking with him." 5570, "And it shall come to pass, that every one that is left of all the nations which came against Jerusalem shall even go up from year to year to worship the King, the LORD of hosts, and to keep the feast of tabernacles." 5750, "Then assembled together the chief priests, and the scribes, and the elders of the people, unto the palace of the high priest, who was called Caiaphas," 3200, "That ye may be the children of your Father which is in heaven: for he maketh his sun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust." 23200, "For now they shall say, We have no king, because we feared not the LORD; what then should a king do to us?" 1880, "Give them, O LORD: what wilt thou give? give them a miscarrying womb and dry breasts." 2610, "Neither shall he regard the God of his fathers, nor the desire of women, nor regard any god: for he shall magnify himself above all." 6350, "In the end of the sabbath, as it began to dawn toward the first day of the week, came Mary Magdalene and the other Mary to see the sepulchre." 8530, "When ye therefore shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, stand in the holy place, (whoso readeth, let him understand:)" 15400, "For in my jealousy and in the fire of my wrath have I spoken, Surely in that day there shall be a great shaking in the land of Israel;" 3510, "Thus saith the LORD of hosts; If thou wilt walk in my ways, and if thou wilt keep my charge, then thou shalt also judge my house, and shalt also keep my courts, and I will give thee places to walk among these that stand by." 2250, "I have also spoken by the prophets, and I have multiplied visions, and used similitudes, by the ministry of the prophets." 2510, "When they had heard the king, they departed; and, lo, the star, which they saw in the east, went before them, till it came and stood over where the young child was." 7570, "But there is a God in heaven that revealeth secrets, and maketh known to the king Nebuchadnezzar what shall be in the latter days. Thy dream, and the visions of thy head upon thy bed, are these;" 3120, "And they sent out unto him their disciples with the Herodians, saying, Master, we know that thou art true, and teachest the way of God in truth, neither carest thou for any man: for thou regardest not the person of men." 3430, "Seven days shall they purge the altar and purify it; and they shall consecrate themselves." 2310, "And the LORD shewed me four carpenters." 2040, "Watch therefore: for ye know not what hour your Lord doth come." 19600, "In the third year of the reign of Jehoiakim king of Judah came Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon unto Jerusalem, and besieged it." 3730, "And as they departed from Jericho, a great multitude followed him." 3080, "Yea, I will make many people amazed at thee, and their kings shall be horribly afraid for thee, when I shall brandish my sword before them; and they shall tremble at every moment, every man for his own life, in the day of thy fall." 1600, "And the arches thereof were toward the utter court; and palm trees were upon the posts thereof: and the going up to it had eight steps." 238, "Lest I strip her naked, and set her as in the day that she was born, and make her as a wilderness, and set her like a dry land, and slay her with thirst." 2120, "And in the fourth watch of the night Jesus went unto them, walking on the sea." 7330, "But I say unto you, That in this place is one greater than the temple." 7430, "After two days will he revive us: in the third day he will raise us up, and we shall live in his sight." 5820, "Be glad then, ye children of Zion, and rejoice in the LORD your God: for he hath given you the former rain moderately, and he will cause to come down for you the rain, the former rain, and the latter rain in the first month." 4800, "They that dwell under his shadow shall return; they shall revive as the corn, and grow as the vine: the scent thereof shall be as the wine of Lebanon." 2090, "Sing, O daughter of Zion; shout, O Israel; be glad and rejoice with all the heart, O daughter of Jerusalem." 3470, "Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye are like unto whited sepulchres, which indeed appear beautiful outward, but are within full of dead men's bones, and of all uncleanness." 7770, "Ye blind guides, which strain at a gnat, and swallow a camel." 6950, "And came out of the graves after his resurrection, and went into the holy city, and appeared unto many." 11400, "Arise ye, and depart; for this is not your rest: because it is polluted, it shall destroy you, even with a sore destruction." 1790, "And when ye did eat, and when ye did drink, did not ye eat for yourselves, and drink for yourselves?" 2120, "But when the husbandmen saw the son, they said among themselves, This is the heir; come, let us kill him, and let us seize on his inheritance." 4170, "Then were there two thieves crucified with him, one on the right hand, and another on the left." 3930, "I indeed have baptized you with water: but he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost." 5600, "And the chambers and the entries thereof were by the posts of the gates, where they washed the burnt offering." 243, "Thou shalt take the bullock also of the sin offering, and he shall burn it in the appointed place of the house, without the sanctuary." 2060, "Thus saith the LORD; As the shepherd taketh out of the mouth of the lion two legs, or a piece of an ear; so shall the children of Israel be taken out that dwell in Samaria in the corner of a bed, and in Damascus in a couch." 2130, "For thy violence against thy brother Jacob shame shall cover thee, and thou shalt be cut off for ever." 2400, "That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet, saying, I will open my mouth in parables; I will utter things which have been kept secret from the foundation of the world." 6210, "Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Gaza, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they carried away captive the whole captivity, to deliver them up to Edom:" 2150, "So he consented to them in this matter, and proved them ten days." 4040, "And the east side ye shall measure from Hauran, and from Damascus, and from Gilead, and from the land of Israel by Jordan, from the border unto the east sea. And this is the east side." 2310, "And shall cut him asunder, and appoint him his portion with the hypocrites: there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth." 10300, "He answered and said unto them, When it is evening, ye say, It will be fair weather: for the sky is red." 4980, "And if any man will sue thee at the law, and take away thy coat, let him have thy cloke also." 4160, "And ye shall eat in plenty, and be satisfied, and praise the name of the LORD your God, that hath dealt wondrously with you: and my people shall never be ashamed." 4480, "Shall I count them pure with the wicked balances, and with the bag of deceitful weights?" 2240, "And he said, Come. And when Peter was come down out of the ship, he walked on the water, to go to Jesus." 7880, "Now if ye be ready that at what time ye hear the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, and dulcimer, and all kinds of musick, ye fall down and worship the image which I have made; well: but if ye worship not, ye shall be cast the same hour into the midst of a burning fiery furnace; and who is that God that shall deliver you out of my hands?" 2770, "Nevertheless, if thou warn the wicked of his way to turn from it; if he do not turn from his way, he shall die in his iniquity; but thou hast delivered thy soul." 3100, "Ye said also, Behold, what a weariness is it! and ye have snuffed at it, saith the LORD of hosts; and ye brought that which was torn, and the lame, and the sick; thus ye brought an offering: should I accept this of your hand? saith the LORD." 2180, "Thou also shalt be drunken: thou shalt be hid, thou also shalt seek strength because of the enemy." 1700, "And he shall sit as a refiner and purifier of silver: and he shall purify the sons of Levi, and purge them as gold and silver, that they may offer unto the LORD an offering in righteousness." 5560, "And his feet shall stand in that day upon the mount of Olives, which is before Jerusalem on the east, and the mount of Olives shall cleave in the midst thereof toward the east and toward the west, and there shall be a very great valley; and half of the mountain shall remove toward the north, and half of it toward the south." 5590, "But when ye pray, use not vain repetitions, as the heathen do: for they think that they shall be heard for their much speaking." 13100, "And he said, This is wickedness. And he cast it into the midst of the ephah; and he cast the weight of lead upon the mouth thereof." 2580, "And he brought me thither, and, behold, there was a man, whose appearance was like the appearance of brass, with a line of flax in his hand, and a measuring reed; and he stood in the gate." 2180, "I have seen an horrible thing in the house of Israel: there is the whoredom of Ephraim, Israel is defiled." 1920, "Blessed are the pure in heart: for they shall see God." 58000, "Now from the sixth hour there was darkness over all the land unto the ninth hour." 8010, "Or how wilt thou say to thy brother, Let me pull out the mote out of thine eye; and, behold, a beam is in thine own eye?" 11500, "Then he that had received the five talents went and traded with the same, and made them other five talents." 6610, "For this is my blood of the new testament, which is shed for many for the remission of sins." 24900, "But the Pharisees said, He casteth out devils through the prince of the devils." 3840, "They that observe lying vanities forsake their own mercy." 4260, "All this came upon the king Nebuchadnezzar." 8380, "And when it was evening, his disciples came to him, saying, This is a desert place, and the time is now past; send the multitude away, that they may go into the villages, and buy themselves victuals." 2880, "And he answered and spake unto those that stood before him, saying, Take away the filthy garments from him. And unto him he said, Behold, I have caused thine iniquity to pass from thee, and I will clothe thee with change of raiment." 2480, "And they answered Jesus, and said, We cannot tell. And he said unto them, Neither tell I you by what authority I do these things." 2980, "Then charged he his disciples that they should tell no man that he was Jesus the Christ." 5410, "In Rama was there a voice heard, lamentation, and weeping, and great mourning, Rachel weeping for her children, and would not be comforted, because they are not." 5590, "Ye shall have just balances, and a just ephah, and a just bath." 1840, "But the saints of the most High shall take the kingdom, and possess the kingdom for ever, even for ever and ever." 4650, "And it shall come to pass, if there remain ten men in one house, that they shall die." 1650, "And the multitudes that went before, and that followed, cried, saying, Hosanna to the Son of David: Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord; Hosanna in the highest." 5760, "Neither shall they take for their wives a widow, nor her that is put away: but they shall take maidens of the seed of the house of Israel, or a widow that had a priest before." 1920, "And Solomon begat Roboam; and Roboam begat Abia; and Abia begat Asa;" 4060, "And I will raise up for them a plant of renown, and they shall be no more consumed with hunger in the land, neither bear the shame of the heathen any more." 2830, "And the floors shall be full of wheat, and the fats shall overflow with wine and oil." 2960, "The words of Amos, who was among the herdmen of Tekoa, which he saw concerning Israel in the days of Uzziah king of Judah, and in the days of Jeroboam the son of Joash king of Israel, two years before the earthquake." 2850, "And his fellowservant fell down at his feet, and besought him, saying, Have patience with me, and I will pay thee all." 3730, "Then cometh he to his disciples, and saith unto them, Sleep on now, and take your rest: behold, the hour is at hand, and the Son of man is betrayed into the hands of sinners." 3800, "Then answered Haggai, and said, So is this people, and so is this nation before me, saith the LORD; and so is every work of their hands; and that which they offer there is unclean." 2060, "Neither do men put new wine into old bottles: else the bottles break, and the wine runneth out, and the bottles perish: but they put new wine into new bottles, and both are preserved." 4030, "For, lo, I raise up the Chaldeans, that bitter and hasty nation, which shall march through the breadth of the land, to possess the dwellingplaces that are not theirs." 2160, "But I will make them keepers of the charge of the house, for all the service thereof, and for all that shall be done therein." 1460, "And Jesus stood before the governor: and the governor asked him, saying, Art thou the King of the Jews? And Jesus said unto him, Thou sayest." 3980, "And in the third chariot white horses; and in the fourth chariot grisled and bay horses." 2380, "The LORD said unto my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand, till I make thine enemies thy footstool?" 10800, "He took his brother by the heel in the womb, and by his strength he had power with God:" 2460, "They answered again and said, Let the king tell his servants the dream, and we will shew the interpretation of it." 2520, "Asshur shall not save us; we will not ride upon horses: neither will we say any more to the work of our hands, Ye are our gods: for in thee the fatherless findeth mercy." 1840, "And when he was departed thence, he went into their synagogue:" 4190, "A son honoureth his father, and a servant his master: if then I be a father, where is mine honour? and if I be a master, where is my fear? saith the LORD of hosts unto you, O priests, that despise my name. And ye say, Wherein have we despised thy name?" 2370, "For if ye forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also forgive you:" 17100, "The king spake, and said, Is not this great Babylon, that I have built for the house of the kingdom by the might of my power, and for the honour of my majesty?" 2670, "Wherefore they cried unto the LORD, and said, We beseech thee, O LORD, we beseech thee, let us not perish for this man's life, and lay not upon us innocent blood: for thou, O LORD, hast done as it pleased thee." 2580, "And Jesus answered and said unto them, I also will ask you one thing, which if ye tell me, I in like wise will tell you by what authority I do these things." 3030, "While he spake these things unto them, behold, there came a certain ruler, and worshipped him, saying, My daughter is even now dead: but come and lay thy hand upon her, and she shall live." 3350, "O Belteshazzar, master of the magicians, because I know that the spirit of the holy gods is in thee, and no secret troubleth thee, tell me the visions of my dream that I have seen, and the interpretation thereof." 2020, "Behold my servant, whom I have chosen; my beloved, in whom my soul is well pleased: I will put my spirit upon him, and he shall shew judgment to the Gentiles." 4100, "I will go and return to my place, till they acknowledge their offence, and seek my face: in their affliction they will seek me early." 2430, "And there followed him great multitudes of people from Galilee, and from Decapolis, and from Jerusalem, and from Judaea, and from beyond Jordan." 2880, "And the LORD said unto Satan, The LORD rebuke thee, O Satan; even the LORD that hath chosen Jerusalem rebuke thee: is not this a brand plucked out of the fire?" 3900, "And when they had bound him, they led him away, and delivered him to Pontius Pilate the governor." 6520, "O Israel, thou hast sinned from the days of Gibeah: there they stood: the battle in Gibeah against the children of iniquity did not overtake them." 1970, "The same day went Jesus out of the house, and sat by the sea side." 5010, "In the first month, in the fourteenth day of the month, ye shall have the passover, a feast of seven days; unleavened bread shall be eaten." 1790, "For they know not to do right, saith the LORD, who store up violence and robbery in their palaces." 2280, "Tell us therefore, What thinkest thou? Is it lawful to give tribute unto Caesar, or not?" 4630, "And it shall come to pass, that when they enter in at the gates of the inner court, they shall be clothed with linen garments; and no wool shall come upon them, whiles they minister in the gates of the inner court, and within." 2180, "Thus shall they prepare the lamb, and the meat offering, and the oil, every morning for a continual burnt offering." 1600, "And the wall that was without over against the chambers, toward the utter court on the forepart of the chambers, the length thereof was fifty cubits." 249, "Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Damascus, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they have threshed Gilead with threshing instruments of iron:" 2320, "Moreover, when ye shall divide by lot the land for inheritance, ye shall offer an oblation unto the LORD, an holy portion of the land: the length shall be the length of five and twenty thousand reeds, and the breadth shall be ten thousand. This shall be holy in all the borders thereof round about." 4030, "Nor by the earth; for it is his footstool: neither by Jerusalem; for it is the city of the great King." 6880, "And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations; and then shall the end come." 29400, "But the ship was now in the midst of the sea, tossed with waves: for the wind was contrary." 4570, "For how great is his goodness, and how great is his beauty! corn shall make the young men cheerful, and new wine the maids." 2200, "Rise, let us be going: behold, he is at hand that doth betray me." 3730, "And at the east side four thousand and five hundred: and three gates; and one gate of Joseph, one gate of Benjamin, one gate of Dan." 2260, "Blow ye the cornet in Gibeah, and the trumpet in Ramah: cry aloud at Bethaven, after thee, O Benjamin." 1880, "Therefore shall Zion for your sake be plowed as a field, and Jerusalem shall become heaps, and the mountain of the house as the high places of the forest." 2060, "And thou shalt come up against my people of Israel, as a cloud to cover the land; it shall be in the latter days, and I will bring thee against my land, that the heathen may know me, when I shall be sanctified in thee, O Gog, before their eyes." 3000, "And said unto me, What seest thou? And I said, I have looked, and behold a candlestick all of gold, with a bowl upon the top of it, and his seven lamps thereon, and seven pipes to the seven lamps, which are upon the top thereof:" 2860, "And immediately his fame spread abroad throughout all the region round about Galilee." 3020, "Jesus saith unto them, Have ye understood all these things? They say unto him, Yea, Lord." 3960, "It is in my desire that I should chastise them; and the people shall be gathered against them, when they shall bind themselves in their two furrows." 3400, "This is the dream; and we will tell the interpretation thereof before the king." 4470, "Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because the enemy hath said against you, Aha, even the ancient high places are ours in possession:" 2040, "And when the king came in to see the guests, he saw there a man which had not on a wedding garment:" 7980, "In the second year of Darius the king, in the sixth month, in the first day of the month, came the word of the LORD by Haggai the prophet unto Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, governor of Judah, and to Joshua the son of Josedech, the high priest, saying," 2660, "If a man walking in the spirit and falsehood do lie, saying, I will prophesy unto thee of wine and of strong drink; he shall even be the prophet of this people." 2160, "Now therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts; Consider your ways." 3550, "Woe unto him that giveth his neighbour drink, that puttest thy bottle to him, and makest him drunken also, that thou mayest look on their nakedness!" 2850, "And straightway coming up out of the water, he saw the heavens opened, and the Spirit like a dove descending upon him:" 5220, "But other fell into good ground, and brought forth fruit, some an hundredfold, some sixtyfold, some thirtyfold." 4440, "Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets." 14900, "When Ephraim spake trembling, he exalted himself in Israel; but when he offended in Baal, he died." 1730, "In that day, saith the LORD of hosts, shall ye call every man his neighbour under the vine and under the fig tree." 2040, "They say unto him, Because no man hath hired us. He saith unto them, Go ye also into the vineyard; and whatsoever is right, that shall ye receive." 4200, "Now the queen, by reason of the words of the king and his lords, came into the banquet house: and the queen spake and said, O king, live for ever: let not thy thoughts trouble thee, nor let thy countenance be changed:" 2240, "And he said unto me, Unto two thousand and three hundred days; then shall the sanctuary be cleansed." 4980, "Howl, fir tree; for the cedar is fallen; because the mighty are spoiled: howl, O ye oaks of Bashan; for the forest of the vintage is come down." 2030, "But he that shall endure unto the end, the same shall be saved." 29100, "And while they went to buy, the bridegroom came; and they that were ready went in with him to the marriage: and the door was shut." 10800, "Thus shall they know that I the LORD their God am with them, and that they, even the house of Israel, are my people, saith the Lord GOD." 3260, "But what went ye out for to see? A man clothed in soft raiment? behold, they that wear soft clothing are in kings' houses." 3470, "And ye my flock, the flock of my pasture, are men, and I am your God, saith the Lord GOD." 2450, "He said unto them, Give place: for the maid is not dead, but sleepeth. And they laughed him to scorn." 3640, "Which when Jesus perceived, he said unto them, O ye of little faith, why reason ye among yourselves, because ye have brought no bread?" 3550, "And the heathen shall know that I the LORD do sanctify Israel, when my sanctuary shall be in the midst of them for evermore." 2720, "From beyond the rivers of Ethiopia my suppliants, even the daughter of my dispersed, shall bring mine offering." 2310, "The iniquity of Ephraim is bound up; his sin is hid." 2410, "Then said Pilate unto him, Hearest thou not how many things they witness against thee?" 4130, "There is Elam and all her multitude round about her grave, all of them slain, fallen by the sword, which are gone down uncircumcised into the nether parts of the earth, which caused their terror in the land of the living; yet have they borne their shame with them that go down to the pit." 1790, "Behold, I am against thee, saith the LORD of hosts; and I will discover thy skirts upon thy face, and I will shew the nations thy nakedness, and the kingdoms thy shame." 2090, "Jesus answered and said unto them, Verily I say unto you, If ye have faith, and doubt not, ye shall not only do this which is done to the fig tree, but also if ye shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea; it shall be done." 5260, "Then they that feared the LORD spake often one to another: and the LORD hearkened, and heard it, and a book of remembrance was written before him for them that feared the LORD, and that thought upon his name." 6850, "Then the king went to his palace, and passed the night fasting: neither were instruments of musick brought before him: and his sleep went from him." 2410, "I saw the ram pushing westward, and northward, and southward; so that no beasts might stand before him, neither was there any that could deliver out of his hand; but he did according to his will, and became great." 2450, "I lifted up mine eyes again, and looked, and behold a man with a measuring line in his hand." 2190, "And Jesus saith unto him, The foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have nests; but the Son of man hath not where to lay his head." 6280, "Seek the LORD, and ye shall live; lest he break out like fire in the house of Joseph, and devour it, and there be none to quench it in Bethel." 2150, "Then take silver and gold, and make crowns, and set them upon the head of Joshua the son of Josedech, the high priest;" 2200, "And Eliud begat Eleazar; and Eleazar begat Matthan; and Matthan begat Jacob;" 4210, "Who can stand before his indignation? and who can abide in the fierceness of his anger? his fury is poured out like fire, and the rocks are thrown down by him." 3030, "And he arose, and took the young child and his mother, and came into the land of Israel." 11600, "Pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest, that he will send forth labourers into his harvest." 10600, "And, behold, a woman, which was diseased with an issue of blood twelve years, came behind him, and touched the hem of his garment:" 4890, "And I will take away his blood out of his mouth, and his abominations from between his teeth: but he that remaineth, even he, shall be for our God, and he shall be as a governor in Judah, and Ekron as a Jebusite." 2110, "And ye shall be brought before governors and kings for my sake, for a testimony against them and the Gentiles." 5430, "Nevertheless leave the stump of his roots in the earth, even with a band of iron and brass, in the tender grass of the field; and let it be wet with the dew of heaven, and let his portion be with the beasts in the grass of the earth:" 2340, "She obeyed not the voice; she received not correction; she trusted not in the LORD; she drew not near to her God." 2260, "For this ointment might have been sold for much, and given to the poor." 4780, "Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake." 23800, "I will lay thy cities waste, and thou shalt be desolate, and thou shalt know that I am the LORD." 1890, "Therefore, thou son of man, say unto the children of thy people, The righteousness of the righteous shall not deliver him in the day of his transgression: as for the wickedness of the wicked, he shall not fall thereby in the day that he turneth from his wickedness; neither shall the righteous be able to live for his righteousness in the day that he sinneth." 1950, "Seventy weeks are determined upon thy people and upon thy holy city, to finish the transgression, and to make an end of sins, and to make reconciliation for iniquity, and to bring in everlasting righteousness, and to seal up the vision and prophecy, and to anoint the most Holy." 9430, "And at the south side four thousand and five hundred measures: and three gates; one gate of Simeon, one gate of Issachar, one gate of Zebulun." 2130, "But he answered and said, Verily I say unto you, I know you not." 17900, "The family of the house of Levi apart, and their wives apart; the family of Shimei apart, and their wives apart;" 2220, "And his power shall be mighty, but not by his own power: and he shall destroy wonderfully, and shall prosper, and practise, and shall destroy the mighty and the holy people." 4280, "How he entered into the house of God, and did eat the shewbread, which was not lawful for him to eat, neither for them which were with him, but only for the priests?" 3280, "Now why dost thou cry out aloud? is there no king in thee? is thy counsellor perished? for pangs have taken thee as a woman in travail." 2270, "The LORD is slow to anger, and great in power, and will not at all acquit the wicked: the LORD hath his way in the whirlwind and in the storm, and the clouds are the dust of his feet." 3670, "And Jesus put forth his hand, and touched him, saying, I will; be thou clean. And immediately his leprosy was cleansed." 4500, "Verily I say unto you, There be some standing here, which shall not taste of death, till they see the Son of man coming in his kingdom." 9170, "When the lord therefore of the vineyard cometh, what will he do unto those husbandmen?" 4120, "And, Whosoever shall swear by the altar, it is nothing; but whosoever sweareth by the gift that is upon it, he is guilty." 3720, "There came unto him a woman having an alabaster box of very precious ointment, and poured it on his head, as he sat at meat." 4040, "And the sea coast shall be dwellings and cottages for shepherds, and folds for flocks." 2050, "They shall tremble as a bird out of Egypt, and as a dove out of the land of Assyria: and I will place them in their houses, saith the LORD." 1940, "Whereupon he promised with an oath to give her whatsoever she would ask." 2980, "Ye have wearied the LORD with your words. Yet ye say, Wherein have we wearied him? When ye say, Every one that doeth evil is good in the sight of the LORD, and he delighteth in them; or, Where is the God of judgment?" 2320, "And when the disciples saw it, they marvelled, saying, How soon is the fig tree withered away!" 3240, "And at the end of the days I Nebuchadnezzar lifted up mine eyes unto heaven, and mine understanding returned unto me, and I blessed the most High, and I praised and honoured him that liveth for ever, whose dominion is an everlasting dominion, and his kingdom is from generation to generation:" 2840, "Therefore at that time, when all the people heard the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, and all kinds of musick, all the people, the nations, and the languages, fell down and worshipped the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up." 2780, "But while he thought on these things, behold, the angel of the Lord appeared unto him in a dream, saying, Joseph, thou son of David, fear not to take unto thee Mary thy wife: for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost." 10100, "And when he had sent the multitudes away, he went up into a mountain apart to pray: and when the evening was come, he was there alone." 4910, "I will heal their backsliding, I will love them freely: for mine anger is turned away from him." 3220, "These twelve Jesus sent forth, and commanded them, saying, Go not into the way of the Gentiles, and into any city of the Samaritans enter ye not:" 7170, "And he said, Go into the city to such a man, and say unto him, The Master saith, My time is at hand; I will keep the passover at thy house with my disciples." 4450, "At that time Jesus went on the sabbath day through the corn; and his disciples were an hungred, and began to pluck the ears of corn, and to eat." 3450, "And I raised up of your sons for prophets, and of your young men for Nazarites. Is it not even thus, O ye children of Israel? saith the LORD." 2010, "Hate the evil, and love the good, and establish judgment in the gate: it may be that the LORD God of hosts will be gracious unto the remnant of Joseph." 2470, "When I say unto the wicked, O wicked man, thou shalt surely die; if thou dost not speak to warn the wicked from his way, that wicked man shall die in his iniquity; but his blood will I require at thine hand." 3810, "Then shall the LORD go forth, and fight against those nations, as when he fought in the day of battle." 8780, "Your fathers, where are they? and the prophets, do they live for ever?" 7300, "Now all this was done, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet, saying," 12600, "Gather yourselves together, yea, gather together, O nation not desired;" 2390, "Should ye not hear the words which the LORD hath cried by the former prophets, when Jerusalem was inhabited and in prosperity, and the cities thereof round about her, when men inhabited the south and the plain?" 2260, "And he opened his mouth, and taught them, saying," 27700, "And the prince in the midst of them, when they go in, shall go in; and when they go forth, shall go forth." 12000, "Turn you to the strong hold, ye prisoners of hope: even to day do I declare that I will render double unto thee;" 2620, "Then Daniel answered and said before the king, Let thy gifts be to thyself, and give thy rewards to another; yet I will read the writing unto the king, and make known to him the interpretation." 2320, "His branches shall spread, and his beauty shall be as the olive tree, and his smell as Lebanon." 2820, "And forthwith, when they were come out of the synagogue, they entered into the house of Simon and Andrew, with James and John." 3100, "And speak unto him, saying, Thus speaketh the LORD of hosts, saying, Behold the man whose name is The BRANCH; and he shall grow up out of his place, and he shall build the temple of the LORD:" 2940, "I saw a dream which made me afraid, and the thoughts upon my bed and the visions of my head troubled me." 2410, "Jesus answered and said unto them, Ye do err, not knowing the scriptures, nor the power of God." 10300, "If the wicked restore the pledge, give again that he had robbed, walk in the statutes of life, without committing iniquity; he shall surely live, he shall not die." 2250, "O Ephraim, what shall I do unto thee? O Judah, what shall I do unto thee? for your goodness is as a morning cloud, and as the early dew it goeth away." 2460, "Watch therefore, for ye know neither the day nor the hour wherein the Son of man cometh." 13000, "And he would not: but went and cast him into prison, till he should pay the debt." 6210, "Speak unto all the people of the land, and to the priests, saying, When ye fasted and mourned in the fifth and seventh month, even those seventy years, did ye at all fast unto me, even to me?" 2060, "Moreover if thy brother shall trespass against thee, go and tell him his fault between thee and him alone: if he shall hear thee, thou hast gained thy brother." 8170, "Even as the Son of man came not to be ministered unto, but to minister, and to give his life a ransom for many." 19000, "Unto whom the prince of the eunuchs gave names: for he gave unto Daniel the name of Belteshazzar; and to Hananiah, of Shadrach; and to Mishael, of Meshach; and to Azariah, of Abednego." 2320, "And Jesus saith unto him, I will come and heal him." 6330, "O Israel, return unto the LORD thy God; for thou hast fallen by thine iniquity." 2410, "In the third year of the reign of king Belshazzar a vision appeared unto me, even unto me Daniel, after that which appeared unto me at the first." 2470, "And he shall stand and feed in the strength of the LORD, in the majesty of the name of the LORD his God; and they shall abide: for now shall he be great unto the ends of the earth." 2150, "Then shall the righteous shine forth as the sun in the kingdom of their Father. Who hath ears to hear, let him hear." 7970, "And Jesus rebuked him, saying, Hold thy peace, and come out of him." 6930, "But ye say, Whosoever shall say to his father or his mother, It is a gift, by whatsoever thou mightest be profited by me;" 4660, "Thou didst march through the land in indignation, thou didst thresh the heathen in anger." 2280, "The door posts, and the narrow windows, and the galleries round about on their three stories, over against the door, cieled with wood round about, and from the ground up to the windows, and the windows were covered;" 1790, "And with the arms of a flood shall they be overflown from before him, and shall be broken; yea, also the prince of the covenant." 2630, "But ye have borne the tabernacle of your Moloch and Chiun your images, the star of your god, which ye made to yourselves." 3270, "This is the rejoicing city that dwelt carelessly, that said in her heart, I am, and there is none beside me: how is she become a desolation, a place for beasts to lie down in! every one that passeth by her shall hiss, and wag his hand." 1780, "Put ye in the sickle, for the harvest is ripe: come, get you down; for the press is full, the fats overflow; for their wickedness is great." 2630, "Rejoice not against me, O mine enemy: when I fall, I shall arise; when I sit in darkness, the LORD shall be a light unto me." 3640, "And think not to say within yourselves, We have Abraham to our father: for I say unto you, that God is able of these stones to raise up children unto Abraham." 6510, "The tree grew, and was strong, and the height thereof reached unto heaven, and the sight thereof to the end of all the earth:" 2570, "Afterward he brought me to the temple, and measured the posts, six cubits broad on the one side, and six cubits broad on the other side, which was the breadth of the tabernacle." 1750, "But hast lifted up thyself against the Lord of heaven; and they have brought the vessels of his house before thee, and thou, and thy lords, thy wives, and thy concubines, have drunk wine in them; and thou hast praised the gods of silver, and gold, of brass, iron, wood, and stone, which see not, nor hear, nor know: and the God in whose hand thy breath is, and whose are all thy ways, hast thou not glorified:" 3030, "I thought it good to shew the signs and wonders that the high God hath wrought toward me." 2200, "From that time forth began Jesus to shew unto his disciples, how that he must go unto Jerusalem, and suffer many things of the elders and chief priests and scribes, and be killed, and be raised again the third day." 4920, "They drank wine, and praised the gods of gold, and of silver, of brass, of iron, of wood, and of stone." 4360, "And Jesse begat David the king; and David the king begat Solomon of her that had been the wife of Urias;" 4250, "And I said, What is it? And he said, This is an ephah that goeth forth. He said moreover, This is their resemblance through all the earth." 2680, "Then said Daniel unto the king, O king, live for ever." 2880, "And it shall come to pass at that day, that I will break the bow of Israel in the valley of Jezreel." 2600, "Neither let him which is in the field return back to take his clothes." 9820, "Then said the LORD unto me, Go yet, love a woman beloved of her friend, yet an adulteress, according to the love of the LORD toward the children of Israel, who look to other gods, and love flagons of wine." 2170, "Be ye not as your fathers, unto whom the former prophets have cried, saying, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Turn ye now from your evil ways, and from your evil doings: but they did not hear, nor hearken unto me, saith the LORD." 1910, "The LORD will be terrible unto them: for he will famish all the gods of the earth; and men shall worship him, every one from his place, even all the isles of the heathen." 1830, "For in the resurrection they neither marry, nor are given in marriage, but are as the angels of God in heaven." 17100, "Moreover the prince shall not take of the people's inheritance by oppression, to thrust them out of their possession; but he shall give his sons inheritance out of his own possession: that my people be not scattered every man from his possession." 1660, "In that day shall there be upon the bells of the horses, HOLINESS UNTO THE LORD; and the pots in the LORD'S house shall be like the bowls before the altar." 2820, "I ate no pleasant bread, neither came flesh nor wine in my mouth, neither did I anoint myself at all, till three whole weeks were fulfilled." 2800, "And the mountains shall be molten under him, and the valleys shall be cleft, as wax before the fire, and as the waters that are poured down a steep place." 2280, "I taught Ephraim also to go, taking them by their arms; but they knew not that I healed them." 1880, "Again, he sent forth other servants, saying, Tell them which are bidden, Behold, I have prepared my dinner: my oxen and my fatlings are killed, and all things are ready: come unto the marriage." 4820, "Thus he shewed me: and, behold, the Lord stood upon a wall made by a plumbline, with a plumbline in his hand." 2400, "Thinkest thou that I cannot now pray to my Father, and he shall presently give me more than twelve legions of angels?" 7830, "Another parable spake he unto them; The kingdom of heaven is like unto leaven, which a woman took, and hid in three measures of meal, till the whole was leavened." 4920, "And he said unto them, What man shall there be among you, that shall have one sheep, and if it fall into a pit on the sabbath day, will he not lay hold on it, and lift it out?" 4540, "That pant after the dust of the earth on the head of the poor, and turn aside the way of the meek: and a man and his father will go in unto the same maid, to profane my holy name:" 2680, "And they of the south shall possess the mount of Esau; and they of the plain the Philistines: and they shall possess the fields of Ephraim, and the fields of Samaria: and Benjamin shall possess Gilead." 3080, "That chant to the sound of the viol, and invent to themselves instruments of musick, like David;" 1690, "In the first year of Darius the son of Ahasuerus, of the seed of the Medes, which was made king over the realm of the Chaldeans;" 2920, "Is the seed yet in the barn? yea, as yet the vine, and the fig tree, and the pomegranate, and the olive tree, hath not brought forth: from this day will I bless you." 2450, "Thou oughtest therefore to have put my money to the exchangers, and then at my coming I should have received mine own with usury." 6250, "Also I brought you up from the land of Egypt, and led you forty years through the wilderness, to possess the land of the Amorite." 2070, "Therefore, ye mountains of Israel, hear the word of the Lord GOD; Thus saith the Lord GOD to the mountains, and to the hills, to the rivers, and to the valleys, to the desolate wastes, and to the cities that are forsaken, which became a prey and derision to the residue of the heathen that are round about;" 1850, "When Israel was a child, then I loved him, and called my son out of Egypt." 5850, "And it is a rare thing that the king requireth, and there is none other that can shew it before the king, except the gods, whose dwelling is not with flesh." 2450, "But Jesus said unto him, Follow me; and let the dead bury their dead." 8270, "Then said I, What come these to do? And he spake, saying, These are the horns which have scattered Judah, so that no man did lift up his head: but these are come to fray them, to cast out the horns of the Gentiles, which lifted up their horn over the land of Judah to scatter it." 1940, "In the four and twentieth day of the sixth month, in the second year of Darius the king." 2550, "Then Jesus went thence, and departed into the coasts of Tyre and Sidon." 4210, "Behold, I will corrupt your seed, and spread dung upon your faces, even the dung of your solemn feasts; and one shall take you away with it." 3240, "And straightway they forsook their nets, and followed him." 3710, "Because strait is the gate, and narrow is the way, which leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it." 28200, "Behold, his soul which is lifted up is not upright in him: but the just shall live by his faith." 5690, "And as for my flock, they eat that which ye have trodden with your feet; and they drink that which ye have fouled with your feet." 2150, "Forasmuch therefore as your treading is upon the poor, and ye take from him burdens of wheat: ye have built houses of hewn stone, but ye shall not dwell in them; ye have planted pleasant vineyards, but ye shall not drink wine of them." 2240, "Behold, the eyes of the Lord GOD are upon the sinful kingdom, and I will destroy it from off the face of the earth; saving that I will not utterly destroy the house of Jacob, saith the LORD." 1920, "My covenant was with him of life and peace; and I gave them to him for the fear wherewith he feared me, and was afraid before my name." 3110, "Thus saith the LORD of hosts; There shall yet old men and old women dwell in the streets of Jerusalem, and every man with his staff in his hand for very age." 2160, "For I am a man under authority, having soldiers under me: and I say to this man, Go, and he goeth; and to another, Come, and he cometh; and to my servant, Do this, and he doeth it." 4840, "Jesus said unto him, It is written again, Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God." 9230, "Then answered all the people, and said, His blood be on us, and on our children." 7270, "And these shall go away into everlasting punishment: but the righteous into life eternal." 24000, "And Jesus went into the temple of God, and cast out all them that sold and bought in the temple, and overthrew the tables of the moneychangers, and the seats of them that sold doves," 6540, "Hear ye therefore the parable of the sower." 8910, "It is enough for the disciple that he be as his master, and the servant as his lord. If they have called the master of the house Beelzebub, how much more shall they call them of his household?" 4590, "Then Jesus said unto them, Take heed and beware of the leaven of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees." 5990, "And in those times there shall many stand up against the king of the south: also the robbers of thy people shall exalt themselves to establish the vision; but they shall fall." 2290, "Who knoweth if he will return and repent, and leave a blessing behind him; even a meat offering and a drink offering unto the LORD your God?" 2830, "Then said he unto me, This is the place where the priests shall boil the trespass offering and the sin offering, where they shall bake the meat offering; that they bear them not out into the utter court, to sanctify the people." 1910, "Peter answered and said unto him, Though all men shall be offended because of thee, yet will I never be offended." 3930, "Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven." 47700, "The Son of man goeth as it is written of him: but woe unto that man by whom the Son of man is betrayed! it had been good for that man if he had not been born." 5310, "Therefore say thou unto them, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Turn ye unto me, saith the LORD of hosts, and I will turn unto you, saith the LORD of hosts." 1960, "And he spake many things unto them in parables, saying, Behold, a sower went forth to sow;" 5170, "As for thee, O king, thy thoughts came into thy mind upon thy bed, what should come to pass hereafter: and he that revealeth secrets maketh known to thee what shall come to pass." 2380, "Then shall two be in the field; the one shall be taken, and the other left." 12700, "And all the inhabitants of the earth are reputed as nothing: and he doeth according to his will in the army of heaven, and among the inhabitants of the earth: and none can stay his hand, or say unto him, What doest thou?" 4740, "Thou art of purer eyes than to behold evil, and canst not look on iniquity: wherefore lookest thou upon them that deal treacherously, and holdest thy tongue when the wicked devoureth the man that is more righteous than he?" 2440, "And I will sanctify my great name, which was profaned among the heathen, which ye have profaned in the midst of them; and the heathen shall know that I am the LORD, saith the Lord GOD, when I shall be sanctified in you before their eyes." 2650, "Then shall they know that I am the LORD their God, which caused them to be led into captivity among the heathen: but I have gathered them unto their own land, and have left none of them any more there." 2290, "I have even heard of thee, that the spirit of the gods is in thee, and that light and understanding and excellent wisdom is found in thee." 2230, "When I shall make the land of Egypt desolate, and the country shall be destitute of that whereof it was full, when I shall smite all them that dwell therein, then shall they know that I am the LORD." 249, "As if a man did flee from a lion, and a bear met him; or went into the house, and leaned his hand on the wall, and a serpent bit him." 3020, "And he said unto me, Son of man, thus saith the Lord GOD; These are the ordinances of the altar in the day when they shall make it, to offer burnt offerings thereon, and to sprinkle blood thereon." 2030, "And I will cast abominable filth upon thee, and make thee vile, and will set thee as a gazingstock." 1880, "Therefore now, O LORD, take, I beseech thee, my life from me; for it is better for me to die than to live." 2770, "Ye are cursed with a curse: for ye have robbed me, even this whole nation." 7130, "Yea, thou shalt be broken in the midst of the uncircumcised, and shalt lie with them that are slain with the sword." 1350, "You only have I known of all the families of the earth: therefore I will punish you for all your iniquities." 4990, "And he will stretch out his hand against the north, and destroy Assyria; and will make Nineveh a desolation, and dry like a wilderness." 2220, "Again, he sent other servants more than the first: and they did unto them likewise." 3830, "But those things which proceed out of the mouth come forth from the heart; and they defile the man." 6990, "Then let our countenances be looked upon before thee, and the countenance of the children that eat of the portion of the king's meat: and as thou seest, deal with thy servants." 2430, "For, behold, I am for you, and I will turn unto you, and ye shall be tilled and sown:" 2320, "And it shall come to pass, that all they that look upon thee shall flee from thee, and say, Nineveh is laid waste: who will bemoan her? whence shall I seek comforters for thee?" 2000, "But Simon's wife's mother lay sick of a fever, and anon they tell him of her." 3120, "And the altar shall be twelve cubits long, twelve broad, square in the four squares thereof." 2390, "The servant therefore fell down, and worshipped him, saying, Lord, have patience with me, and I will pay thee all." 5450, "And when he hath taken away the multitude, his heart shall be lifted up; and he shall cast down many ten thousands: but he shall not be strengthened by it." 2030, "And they shall scoff at the kings, and the princes shall be a scorn unto them: they shall deride every strong hold; for they shall heap dust, and take it." 2040, "And when they go forth into the utter court, even into the utter court to the people, they shall put off their garments wherein they ministered, and lay them in the holy chambers, and they shall put on other garments; and they shall not sanctify the people with their garments." 1860, "And by the border of Ephraim, from the east side even unto the west side, a portion for Reuben." 1660, "I have heard the reproach of Moab, and the revilings of the children of Ammon, whereby they have reproached my people, and magnified themselves against their border." 1970, "And except those days should be shortened, there should no flesh be saved: but for the elect's sake those days shall be shortened." 16600, "The chariots shall rage in the streets, they shall justle one against another in the broad ways: they shall seem like torches, they shall run like the lightnings." 2370, "Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD unto them; Behold, I, even I, will judge between the fat cattle and between the lean cattle." 1890, "The mountains quake at him, and the hills melt, and the earth is burned at his presence, yea, the world, and all that dwell therein." 3020, "And they shall no more be a prey to the heathen, neither shall the beast of the land devour them; but they shall dwell safely, and none shall make them afraid." 2490, "After he brought me through the entry, which was at the side of the gate, into the holy chambers of the priests, which looked toward the north: and, behold, there was a place on the two sides westward." 1840, "When I have brought them again from the people, and gathered them out of their enemies' lands, and am sanctified in them in the sight of many nations;" 2190, "Was the LORD displeased against the rivers? was thine anger against the rivers? was thy wrath against the sea, that thou didst ride upon thine horses and thy chariots of salvation?" 2080, "And Huzzab shall be led away captive, she shall be brought up, and her maids shall lead her as with the voice of doves, tabering upon their breasts." 1720, "And by the border of Manasseh, from the east side unto the west side, a portion for Ephraim." 1560, "And the four tables were of hewn stone for the burnt offering, of a cubit and an half long, and a cubit and an half broad, and one cubit high: whereupon also they laid the instruments wherewith they slew the burnt offering and the sacrifice." 229, "And I brought him to thy disciples, and they could not cure him." 5010, "Then brought he me the way of the north gate before the house: and I looked, and, behold, the glory of the LORD filled the house of the LORD: and I fell upon my face." 1540, "For the inhabitant of Maroth waited carefully for good: but evil came down from the LORD unto the gate of Jerusalem." 1820, "And the way before them was like the appearance of the chambers which were toward the north, as long as they, and as broad as they: and all their goings out were both according to their fashions, and according to their doors." 246, "The beginning of the word of the LORD by Hosea. And the LORD said to Hosea, Go, take unto thee a wife of whoredoms and children of whoredoms: for the land hath committed great whoredom, departing from the LORD." 2750, "Philip, and Bartholomew; Thomas, and Matthew the publican; James the son of Alphaeus, and Lebbaeus, whose surname was Thaddaeus;" 3850, "And Ephraim said, Yet I am become rich, I have found me out substance: in all my labours they shall find none iniquity in me that were sin." 1790, "Then came the disciples to Jesus apart, and said, Why could not we cast him out?" 6010, "Yet ye say, Wherefore? Because the LORD hath been witness between thee and the wife of thy youth, against whom thou hast dealt treacherously: yet is she thy companion, and the wife of thy covenant." 3520, "And when Jesus came into the ruler's house, and saw the minstrels and the people making a noise," 3140, "As a shepherd seeketh out his flock in the day that he is among his sheep that are scattered; so will I seek out my sheep, and will deliver them out of all places where they have been scattered in the cloudy and dark day." 4470, "Then lifted I up mine eyes, and saw, and behold four horns." 2590, "Therefore take no thought, saying, What shall we eat? or, What shall we drink? or, Wherewithal shall we be clothed?" 13800, "For, lo, he that formeth the mountains, and createth the wind, and declareth unto man what is his thought, that maketh the morning darkness, and treadeth upon the high places of the earth, The LORD, The God of hosts, is his name." 1830, "Then the angel that talked with me answered and said unto me, Knowest thou not what these be? And I said, No, my lord." 2580, "Your words have been stout against me, saith the LORD. Yet ye say, What have we spoken so much against thee?" 2720, "That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet, saying," 11100, "And in that day will I make a covenant for them with the beasts of the field, and with the fowls of heaven, and with the creeping things of the ground: and I will break the bow and the sword and the battle out of the earth, and will make them to lie down safely." 2390, "And was transfigured before them: and his face did shine as the sun, and his raiment was white as the light." 7380, "Now when she had weaned Loruhamah, she conceived, and bare a son." 2860, "And the little chambers of the gate eastward were three on this side, and three on that side; they three were of one measure: and the posts had one measure on this side and on that side." 247, "And forgive us our debts, as we forgive our debtors." 59000, "So he measured the length thereof, twenty cubits; and the breadth, twenty cubits, before the temple: and he said unto me, This is the most holy place." 1910, "Say thou thus unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; As I live, surely they that are in the wastes shall fall by the sword, and him that is in the open field will I give to the beasts to be devoured, and they that be in the forts and in the caves shall die of the pestilence." 1920, "And the doors had two leaves apiece, two turning leaves; two leaves for the one door, and two leaves for the other door." 1800, "So he measured the court, an hundred cubits long, and an hundred cubits broad, foursquare; and the altar that was before the house." 239, "And they said every one to his fellow, Come, and let us cast lots, that we may know for whose cause this evil is upon us. So they cast lots, and the lot fell upon Jonah." 2760, "And there was Mary Magdalene, and the other Mary, sitting over against the sepulchre." 3590, "He answered and said, Lo, I see four men loose, walking in the midst of the fire, and they have no hurt; and the form of the fourth is like the Son of God." 5500, "But when the people were put forth, he went in, and took her by the hand, and the maid arose." 3130, "And before the chambers was a walk of ten cubits breadth inward, a way of one cubit; and their doors toward the north." 184, "Woe unto you that desire the day of the LORD! to what end is it for you? the day of the LORD is darkness, and not light." 6580, "And caused me to pass by them round about: and, behold, there were very many in the open valley; and, lo, they were very dry." 3670, "But how then shall the scriptures be fulfilled, that thus it must be?" 17300, "Therefore I will look unto the LORD; I will wait for the God of my salvation: my God will hear me." 4760, "Go up to the mountain, and bring wood, and build the house; and I will take pleasure in it, and I will be glorified, saith the LORD." 2660, "Then I answered and said unto the angel that talked with me, What are these, my lord?" 2630, "And I set my face unto the Lord God, to seek by prayer and supplications, with fasting, and sackcloth, and ashes:" 4920, "For John said unto him, It is not lawful for thee to have her." 5000, "The little chambers thereof, the posts thereof, and the arches thereof, and the windows to it round about: the length was fifty cubits, and the breadth five and twenty cubits." 242, "And if they be ashamed of all that they have done, shew them the form of the house, and the fashion thereof, and the goings out thereof, and the comings in thereof, and all the forms thereof, and all the ordinances thereof, and all the forms thereof, and all the laws thereof: and write it in their sight, that they may keep the whole form thereof, and all the ordinances thereof, and do them." 2270, "I will be as the dew unto Israel: he shall grow as the lily, and cast forth his roots as Lebanon." 2890, "They shall eat the meat offering, and the sin offering, and the trespass offering; and every dedicated thing in Israel shall be theirs." 1840, "And he brought me to the porch of the house, and measured each post of the porch, five cubits on this side, and five cubits on that side: and the breadth of the gate was three cubits on this side, and three cubits on that side." 231, "Lord, have mercy on my son: for he is lunatick, and sore vexed: for ofttimes he falleth into the fire, and oft into the water." 2970, "Then certain of the scribes and of the Pharisees answered, saying, Master, we would see a sign from thee." 4910, "Pass ye unto Calneh, and see; and from thence go ye to Hamath the great: then go down to Gath of the Philistines: be they better than these kingdoms? or their border greater than your border?" 1600, "These great beasts, which are four, are four kings, which shall arise out of the earth." 3960, "And I will come near to you to judgment; and I will be a swift witness against the sorcerers, and against the adulterers, and against false swearers, and against those that oppress the hireling in his wages, the widow, and the fatherless, and that turn aside the stranger from his right, and fear not me, saith the LORD of hosts." 3450, "Therefore turn thou to thy God: keep mercy and judgment, and wait on thy God continually." 2020, "And the little chambers thereof, and the posts thereof, and the arches thereof, according to these measures: and there were windows in it and in the arches thereof round about: it was fifty cubits long, and five and twenty cubits broad." 244, "Woe to the bloody city! it is all full of lies and robbery; the prey departeth not;" 2560, "And if thy right eye offend thee, pluck it out, and cast it from thee: for it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell." 9920, "I will also gather all nations, and will bring them down into the valley of Jehoshaphat, and will plead with them there for my people and for my heritage Israel, whom they have scattered among the nations, and parted my land." 6020, "The law of truth was in his mouth, and iniquity was not found in his lips: he walked with me in peace and equity, and did turn many away from iniquity." 3050, "And I will call for a sword against him throughout all my mountains, saith the Lord GOD: every man's sword shall be against his brother." 2970, "And I will bring again the captivity of my people of Israel, and they shall build the waste cities, and inhabit them; and they shall plant vineyards, and drink the wine thereof; they shall also make gardens, and eat the fruit of them." 3420, "They that swear by the sin of Samaria, and say, Thy god, O Dan, liveth; and, The manner of Beersheba liveth; even they shall fall, and never rise up again." 2070, "Therefore made I a decree to bring in all the wise men of Babylon before me, that they might make known unto me the interpretation of the dream." 1880, "Thou son of man, shew the house to the house of Israel, that they may be ashamed of their iniquities: and let them measure the pattern." 2240, "And thou, O tower of the flock, the strong hold of the daughter of Zion, unto thee shall it come, even the first dominion; the kingdom shall come to the daughter of Jerusalem." 2640, "And now, O ye priests, this commandment is for you." 3430, "Hitherto is the end of the matter. As for me Daniel, my cogitations much troubled me, and my countenance changed in me: but I kept the matter in my heart." 2560, "Therefore when thou doest thine alms, do not sound a trumpet before thee, as the hypocrites do in the synagogues and in the streets, that they may have glory of men. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward." 7900, "But tidings out of the east and out of the north shall trouble him: therefore he shall go forth with great fury to destroy, and utterly to make away many." 3840, "And after that they had mocked him, they took the robe off from him, and put his own raiment on him, and led him away to crucify him." 4210, "They shall have linen bonnets upon their heads, and shall have linen breeches upon their loins; they shall not gird themselves with any thing that causeth sweat." 2340, "Yea, and what have ye to do with me, O Tyre, and Zidon, and all the coasts of Palestine? will ye render me a recompence? and if ye recompense me, swiftly and speedily will I return your recompence upon your own head;" 4380, "And I will not have mercy upon her children; for they be the children of whoredoms." 2160, "I have written to him the great things of my law, but they were counted as a strange thing." 2930, "Moreover from the possession of the Levites, and from the possession of the city, being in the midst of that which is the prince's, between the border of Judah and the border of Benjamin, shall be for the prince." 1950, "And said unto his servants, This is John the Baptist; he is risen from the dead; and therefore mighty works do shew forth themselves in him." 2850, "For as the lightning cometh out of the east, and shineth even unto the west; so shall also the coming of the Son of man be." 13600, "And Salmon begat Booz of Rachab; and Booz begat Obed of Ruth; and Obed begat Jesse;" 4740, "For verily I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled." 28200, "But whosoever shall deny me before men, him will I also deny before my Father which is in heaven." 15200, "For after all these things do the Gentiles seek:) for your heavenly Father knoweth that ye have need of all these things." 13900, "And it came to pass, when Jesus had finished all these sayings, he said unto his disciples," 3770, "And men shall dwell in it, and there shall be no more utter destruction; but Jerusalem shall be safely inhabited." 2480, "And this have ye done again, covering the altar of the LORD with tears, with weeping, and with crying out, insomuch that he regardeth not the offering any more, or receiveth it with good will at your hand." 2880, "Therefore I was left alone, and saw this great vision, and there remained no strength in me: for my comeliness was turned in me into corruption, and I retained no strength." 2870, "And Tyrus did build herself a strong hold, and heaped up silver as the dust, and fine gold as the mire of the streets." 1960, "So shall Bethel do unto you because of your great wickedness: in a morning shall the king of Israel utterly be cut off." 2070, "Then said Jesus unto them, Be not afraid: go tell my brethren that they go into Galilee, and there shall they see me." 4590, "Behold, the Lord will cast her out, and he will smite her power in the sea; and she shall be devoured with fire." 1940, "After this shall he turn his face unto the isles, and shall take many: but a prince for his own behalf shall cause the reproach offered by him to cease; without his own reproach he shall cause it to turn upon him." 1900, "They build up Zion with blood, and Jerusalem with iniquity." 2400, "They say unto him, Why did Moses then command to give a writing of divorcement, and to put her away?" 6170, "Hear, all ye people; hearken, O earth, and all that therein is: and let the Lord GOD be witness against you, the Lord from his holy temple." 1930, "Israel hath cast off the thing that is good: the enemy shall pursue him." 1880, "Therefore I will be unto them as a lion: as a leopard by the way will I observe them:" 1980, "Go ye therefore into the highways, and as many as ye shall find, bid to the marriage." 7240, "Thus will I make mount Seir most desolate, and cut off from it him that passeth out and him that returneth." 2020, "And in the second year of the reign of Nebuchadnezzar Nebuchadnezzar dreamed dreams, wherewith his spirit was troubled, and his sleep brake from him." 2770, "Son of man, set thy face against Gog, the land of Magog, the chief prince of Meshech and Tubal, and prophesy against him," 4060, "And when they had sung an hymn, they went out into the mount of Olives." 7650, "Thus saith the Lord GOD; In the first month, in the first day of the month, thou shalt take a young bullock without blemish, and cleanse the sanctuary:" 1700, "And love the uppermost rooms at feasts, and the chief seats in the synagogues," 5460, "And I will turn thee back, and put hooks into thy jaws, and I will bring thee forth, and all thine army, horses and horsemen, all of them clothed with all sorts of armour, even a great company with bucklers and shields, all of them handling swords:" 4390, "And they stripped him, and put on him a scarlet robe." 12200, "Then will I make their waters deep, and cause their rivers to run like oil, saith the Lord GOD." 1580, "Yet I will rejoice in the LORD, I will joy in the God of my salvation." 14400, "Thou hypocrite, first cast out the beam out of thine own eye; and then shalt thou see clearly to cast out the mote out of thy brother's eye." 14300, "So this Daniel prospered in the reign of Darius, and in the reign of Cyrus the Persian." 3140, "But prophesy not again any more at Bethel: for it is the king's chapel, and it is the king's court." 1810, "I will utterly consume all things from off the land, saith the LORD." 2810, "He answered and said to Arioch the king's captain, Why is the decree so hasty from the king? Then Arioch made the thing known to Daniel." 2200, "And the angel answered and said unto me, These are the four spirits of the heavens, which go forth from standing before the Lord of all the earth." 2270, "Yea, though they have hired among the nations, now will I gather them, and they shall sorrow a little for the burden of the king of princes." 1570, "At the beginning of thy supplications the commandment came forth, and I am come to shew thee; for thou art greatly beloved: therefore understand the matter, and consider the vision." 7070, "Then Daniel answered with counsel and wisdom to Arioch the captain of the king's guard, which was gone forth to slay the wise men of Babylon:" 2180, "And I prayed unto the LORD my God, and made my confession, and said, O Lord, the great and dreadful God, keeping the covenant and mercy to them that love him, and to them that keep his commandments;" 2970, "Then these men assembled unto the king, and said unto the king, Know, O king, that the law of the Medes and Persians is, That no decree nor statute which the king establisheth may be changed." 2390, "And I will sell your sons and your daughters into the hand of the children of Judah, and they shall sell them to the Sabeans, to a people far off: for the LORD hath spoken it." 3370, "For I brought thee up out of the land of Egypt, and redeemed thee out of the house of servants; and I sent before thee Moses, Aaron, and Miriam." 2320, "And the glory of the LORD came into the house by the way of the gate whose prospect is toward the east." 3730, "And his disciples came to him, and awoke him, saying, Lord, save us: we perish." 4910, "Peter said unto him, Though I should die with thee, yet will I not deny thee. Likewise also said all the disciples." 3600, "And there was a good way off from them an herd of many swine feeding." 3740, "Jesus said unto him, If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell that thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come and follow me." 12500, "But it shall not be so among you: but whosoever will be great among you, let him be your minister;" 8020, "Fear ye not therefore, ye are of more value than many sparrows." 9580, "And again the word of the LORD came unto Haggai in the four and twentieth day of the month, saying," 2320, "But Nineveh is of old like a pool of water: yet they shall flee away. Stand, stand, shall they cry; but none shall look back." 1930, "But with an overrunning flood he will make an utter end of the place thereof, and darkness shall pursue his enemies." 2360, "My sheep wandered through all the mountains, and upon every high hill: yea, my flock was scattered upon all the face of the earth, and none did search or seek after them." 2610, "And saying, We have piped unto you, and ye have not danced; we have mourned unto you, and ye have not lamented." 3470, "Again, the kingdom of heaven is like unto a merchant man, seeking goodly pearls:" 7350, "And there was given him dominion, and glory, and a kingdom, that all people, nations, and languages, should serve him: his dominion is an everlasting dominion, which shall not pass away, and his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed." 8570, "Yea, every pot in Jerusalem and in Judah shall be holiness unto the LORD of hosts: and all they that sacrifice shall come and take of them, and seethe therein: and in that day there shall be no more the Canaanite in the house of the LORD of hosts." 2560, "Ephraim is oppressed and broken in judgment, because he willingly walked after the commandment." 2090, "Yet now be strong, O Zerubbabel, saith the LORD; and be strong, O Joshua, son of Josedech, the high priest; and be strong, all ye people of the land, saith the LORD, and work: for I am with you, saith the LORD of hosts:" 2540, "And John was clothed with camel's hair, and with a girdle of a skin about his loins; and he did eat locusts and wild honey;" 3340, "And these shall be the measures thereof; the north side four thousand and five hundred, and the south side four thousand and five hundred, and on the east side four thousand and five hundred, and the west side four thousand and five hundred." 2190, "Now I Nebuchadnezzar praise and extol and honour the King of heaven, all whose works are truth, and his ways judgment: and those that walk in pride he is able to abase." 2750, "And though they hide themselves in the top of Carmel, I will search and take them out thence; and though they be hid from my sight in the bottom of the sea, thence will I command the serpent, and he shall bite them:" 2060, "O Lord, to us belongeth confusion of face, to our kings, to our princes, and to our fathers, because we have sinned against thee." 2790, "And the foolish said unto the wise, Give us of your oil; for our lamps are gone out." 8930, "I will also stretch out mine hand upon Judah, and upon all the inhabitants of Jerusalem; and I will cut off the remnant of Baal from this place, and the name of the Chemarims with the priests;" 2180, "Arise, go unto Nineveh, that great city, and preach unto it the preaching that I bid thee." 2900, "And the angel answered and said unto the women, Fear not ye: for I know that ye seek Jesus, which was crucified." 8120, "And Jesus knew their thoughts, and said unto them, Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation; and every city or house divided against itself shall not stand:" 6320, "I beheld till the thrones were cast down, and the Ancient of days did sit, whose garment was white as snow, and the hair of his head like the pure wool: his throne was like the fiery flame, and his wheels as burning fire." 5590, "And makest men as the fishes of the sea, as the creeping things, that have no ruler over them?" 2230, "Thou wentest forth for the salvation of thy people, even for salvation with thine anointed; thou woundedst the head out of the house of the wicked, by discovering the foundation unto the neck. Selah." 2120, "Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?" 21300, "And the disciples came, and said unto him, Why speakest thou unto them in parables?" 8100, "And the heathen shall know that the house of Israel went into captivity for their iniquity: because they trespassed against me, therefore hid I my face from them, and gave them into the hand of their enemies: so fell they all by the sword." 2100, "And I will restore to you the years that the locust hath eaten, the cankerworm, and the caterpiller, and the palmerworm, my great army which I sent among you." 3370, "Before the length of an hundred cubits was the north door, and the breadth was fifty cubits." 1350, "For they shall eat, and not have enough: they shall commit whoredom, and shall not increase: because they have left off to take heed to the LORD." 2010, "And Jesus saith unto them, How many loaves have ye? And they said, Seven, and a few little fishes." 2680, "Wherefore if they shall say unto you, Behold, he is in the desert; go not forth: behold, he is in the secret chambers; believe it not." 10300, "Watch and pray, that ye enter not into temptation: the spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak." 13500, "And should not I spare Nineveh, that great city, wherein are more than sixscore thousand persons that cannot discern between their right hand and their left hand; and also much cattle?" 2690, "And the burnt offering that the prince shall offer unto the LORD in the sabbath day shall be six lambs without blemish, and a ram without blemish." 1680, "In that day will I make the governors of Judah like an hearth of fire among the wood, and like a torch of fire in a sheaf; and they shall devour all the people round about, on the right hand and on the left: and Jerusalem shall be inhabited again in her own place, even in Jerusalem." 2720, "Nebuchadnezzar the king made an image of gold, whose height was threescore cubits, and the breadth thereof six cubits: he set it up in the plain of Dura, in the province of Babylon." 2960, "And, behold, certain of the scribes said within themselves, This man blasphemeth." 3600, "Forasmuch as thou sawest that the stone was cut out of the mountain without hands, and that it brake in pieces the iron, the brass, the clay, the silver, and the gold; the great God hath made known to the king what shall come to pass hereafter: and the dream is certain, and the interpretation thereof sure." 4060, "Sheba, and Dedan, and the merchants of Tarshish, with all the young lions thereof, shall say unto thee, Art thou come to take a spoil? hast thou gathered thy company to take a prey? to carry away silver and gold, to take away cattle and goods, to take a great spoil?" 3300, "For the children of Israel shall abide many days without a king, and without a prince, and without a sacrifice, and without an image, and without an ephod, and without teraphim:" 2730, "Assemble yourselves, and come, all ye heathen, and gather yourselves together round about: thither cause thy mighty ones to come down, O LORD." 2540, "Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away." 35300, "And they shall not lie with the mighty that are fallen of the uncircumcised, which are gone down to hell with their weapons of war: and they have laid their swords under their heads, but their iniquities shall be upon their bones, though they were the terror of the mighty in the land of the living." 2060, "Ephraim provoked him to anger most bitterly: therefore shall he leave his blood upon him, and his reproach shall his Lord return unto him." 2160, "But what think ye? A certain man had two sons; and he came to the first, and said, Son, go work to day in my vineyard." 4070, "But he answered and said, Every plant, which my heavenly Father hath not planted, shall be rooted up." 4530, "The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here." 4670, "All the bright lights of heaven will I make dark over thee, and set darkness upon thy land, saith the Lord GOD." 2090, "And it shall be unto them for an inheritance: I am their inheritance: and ye shall give them no possession in Israel: I am their possession." 1750, "I gave thee a king in mine anger, and took him away in my wrath." 2690, "And preached, saying, There cometh one mightier than I after me, the latchet of whose shoes I am not worthy to stoop down and unloose." 3390, "And I will visit upon her the days of Baalim, wherein she burned incense to them, and she decked herself with her earrings and her jewels, and she went after her lovers, and forgat me, saith the LORD." 2400, "In the five and twentieth year of our captivity, in the beginning of the year, in the tenth day of the month, in the fourteenth year after that the city was smitten, in the selfsame day the hand of the LORD was upon me, and brought me thither." 2120, "Therefore, behold, I will allure her, and bring her into the wilderness, and speak comfortably unto her." 2570, "Therefore will I save my flock, and they shall no more be a prey; and I will judge between cattle and cattle." 2530, "And the king commanded, and they brought those men which had accused Daniel, and they cast them into the den of lions, them, their children, and their wives; and the lions had the mastery of them, and brake all their bones in pieces or ever they came at the bottom of the den." 2400, "Ho, ho, come forth, and flee from the land of the north, saith the LORD: for I have spread you abroad as the four winds of the heaven, saith the LORD." 2100, "Children in whom was no blemish, but well favoured, and skilful in all wisdom, and cunning in knowledge, and understanding science, and such as had ability in them to stand in the king's palace, and whom they might teach the learning and the tongue of the Chaldeans." 3420, "Do ye not yet understand, neither remember the five loaves of the five thousand, and how many baskets ye took up?" 3220, "Then the king promoted Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, in the province of Babylon." 3590, "And Jesus saith unto him, See thou tell no man; but go thy way, shew thyself to the priest, and offer the gift that Moses commanded, for a testimony unto them." 3480, "And this shall be the border of the land toward the north side, from the great sea, the way of Hethlon, as men go to Zedad;" 2410, "I will make thee perpetual desolations, and thy cities shall not return: and ye shall know that I am the LORD." 1860, "And I will pluck up thy groves out of the midst of thee: so will I destroy thy cities." 2150, "Wherefore, if God so clothe the grass of the field, which to day is, and to morrow is cast into the oven, shall he not much more clothe you, O ye of little faith?" 9470, "And the graves were opened; and many bodies of the saints which slept arose," 12700, "Therefore the flight shall perish from the swift, and the strong shall not strengthen his force, neither shall the mighty deliver himself:" 2080, "Thou, O king, hast made a decree, that every man that shall hear the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, and dulcimer, and all kinds of musick, shall fall down and worship the golden image:" 3000, "But if ye shew the dream, and the interpretation thereof, ye shall receive of me gifts and rewards and great honour: therefore shew me the dream, and the interpretation thereof." 2380, "And as I was considering, behold, an he goat came from the west on the face of the whole earth, and touched not the ground: and the goat had a notable horn between his eyes." 2490, "Another parable put he forth unto them, saying, The kingdom of heaven is like to a grain of mustard seed, which a man took, and sowed in his field:" 5130, "But Jesus answered and said, Ye know not what ye ask. Are ye able to drink of the cup that I shall drink of, and to be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with? They say unto him, We are able." 4390, "But I will send a fire upon Moab, and it shall devour the palaces of Kerioth: and Moab shall die with tumult, with shouting, and with the sound of the trumpet:" 2070, "But thou, when thou fastest, anoint thine head, and wash thy face;" 7450, "That they would desire mercies of the God of heaven concerning this secret; that Daniel and his fellows should not perish with the rest of the wise men of Babylon." 2600, "And these three men, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, fell down bound into the midst of the burning fiery furnace." 2700, "Saying, Where is he that is born King of the Jews? for we have seen his star in the east, and are come to worship him." 13300, "Then said I, I will not feed you: that that dieth, let it die; and that that is to be cut off, let it be cut off; and let the rest eat every one the flesh of another." 2170, "And Darius the Median took the kingdom, being about threescore and two years old." 2830, "And they answered the angel of the LORD that stood among the myrtle trees, and said, We have walked to and fro through the earth, and, behold, all the earth sitteth still, and is at rest." 2220, "For as in the days that were before the flood they were eating and drinking, marrying and giving in marriage, until the day that Noe entered into the ark," 13100, "For out of the heart proceed evil thoughts, murders, adulteries, fornications, thefts, false witness, blasphemies:" 11400, "For the stone shall cry out of the wall, and the beam out of the timber shall answer it." 2690, "And whoso shall receive one such little child in my name receiveth me." 7000, "And now, O Lord our God, that hast brought thy people forth out of the land of Egypt with a mighty hand, and hast gotten thee renown, as at this day; we have sinned, we have done wickedly." 2230, "Now when they were going, behold, some of the watch came into the city, and shewed unto the chief priests all the things that were done." 3060, "And honour not his father or his mother, he shall be free. Thus have ye made the commandment of God of none effect by your tradition." 4340, "When my soul fainted within me I remembered the LORD: and my prayer came in unto thee, into thine holy temple." 2730, "Son of man, take up a lamentation for Pharaoh king of Egypt, and say unto him, Thou art like a young lion of the nations, and thou art as a whale in the seas: and thou camest forth with thy rivers, and troubledst the waters with thy feet, and fouledst their rivers." 1950, "Again, the devil taketh him up into an exceeding high mountain, and sheweth him all the kingdoms of the world, and the glory of them;" 8880, "This shall they have for their pride, because they have reproached and magnified themselves against the people of the LORD of hosts." 2060, "And I heard the man clothed in linen, which was upon the waters of the river, when he held up his right hand and his left hand unto heaven, and sware by him that liveth for ever that it shall be for a time, times, and an half; and when he shall have accomplished to scatter the power of the holy people, all these things shall be finished." 4920, "In the visions of God brought he me into the land of Israel, and set me upon a very high mountain, by which was as the frame of a city on the south." 2030, "And Aram begat Aminadab; and Aminadab begat Naasson; and Naasson begat Salmon;" 4080, "Their drink is sour: they have committed whoredom continually: her rulers with shame do love, Give ye." 1760, "Blessed is he that waiteth, and cometh to the thousand three hundred and five and thirty days." 5890, "So that the fishes of the sea, and the fowls of the heaven, and the beasts of the field, and all creeping things that creep upon the earth, and all the men that are upon the face of the earth, shall shake at my presence, and the mountains shall be thrown down, and the steep places shall fall, and every wall shall fall to the ground." 2880, "Whosoever therefore shall humble himself as this little child, the same is greatest in the kingdom of heaven." 11500, "And when he had spoken such words unto me, I set my face toward the ground, and I became dumb." 2340, "And the coast shall be for the remnant of the house of Judah; they shall feed thereupon: in the houses of Ashkelon shall they lie down in the evening: for the LORD their God shall visit them, and turn away their captivity." 1900, "As I live, saith the Lord GOD, surely because my flock became a prey, and my flock became meat to every beast of the field, because there was no shepherd, neither did my shepherds search for my flock, but the shepherds fed themselves, and fed not my flock;" 2360, "And the blind and the lame came to him in the temple; and he healed them." 13200, "But he said, Nay; lest while ye gather up the tares, ye root up also the wheat with them." 8010, "And he sent, and beheaded John in the prison." 4570, "That they may possess the remnant of Edom, and of all the heathen, which are called by my name, saith the LORD that doeth this." 2230, "But thou, O Daniel, shut up the words, and seal the book, even to the time of the end: many shall run to and fro, and knowledge shall be increased." 11200, "And them that worship the host of heaven upon the housetops; and them that worship and that swear by the LORD, and that swear by Malcham;" 2840, "Blessed are they that mourn: for they shall be comforted." 37300, "And the man said unto me, Son of man, behold with thine eyes, and hear with thine ears, and set thine heart upon all that I shall shew thee; for to the intent that I might shew them unto thee art thou brought hither: declare all that thou seest to the house of Israel." 2000, "And likewise he that had received two, he also gained other two." 10600, "I came near unto one of them that stood by, and asked him the truth of all this. So he told me, and made me know the interpretation of the things." 2790, "And they that serve the city shall serve it out of all the tribes of Israel." 2730, "And all things, whatsoever ye shall ask in prayer, believing, ye shall receive." 19300, "For from Israel was it also: the workman made it; therefore it is not God: but the calf of Samaria shall be broken in pieces." 1770, "Now therefore hear thou the word of the LORD: Thou sayest, Prophesy not against Israel, and drop not thy word against the house of Isaac." 1880, "Blessed are the meek: for they shall inherit the earth." 66900, "And they come unto thee as the people cometh, and they sit before thee as my people, and they hear thy words, but they will not do them: for with their mouth they shew much love, but their heart goeth after their covetousness." 2410, "Then shall he return into his land with great riches; and his heart shall be against the holy covenant; and he shall do exploits, and return to his own land." 2170, "Let his heart be changed from man's, and let a beast's heart be given unto him; and let seven times pass over him." 2940, "Beat your plowshares into swords, and your pruninghooks into spears: let the weak say, I am strong." 3270, "But Judah shall dwell for ever, and Jerusalem from generation to generation." 5950, "Then the mariners were afraid, and cried every man unto his god, and cast forth the wares that were in the ship into the sea, to lighten it of them. But Jonah was gone down into the sides of the ship; and he lay, and was fast asleep." 2510, "Mine anger was kindled against the shepherds, and I punished the goats: for the LORD of hosts hath visited his flock the house of Judah, and hath made them as his goodly horse in the battle." 1780, "I will seek that which was lost, and bring again that which was driven away, and will bind up that which was broken, and will strengthen that which was sick: but I will destroy the fat and the strong; I will feed them with judgment." 2390, "And whosoever shall exalt himself shall be abased; and he that shall humble himself shall be exalted." 8700, "And the LORD stirred up the spirit of Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, governor of Judah, and the spirit of Joshua the son of Josedech, the high priest, and the spirit of all the remnant of the people; and they came and did work in the house of the LORD of hosts, their God," 2390, "In that day will I raise up the tabernacle of David that is fallen, and close up the breaches thereof; and I will raise up his ruins, and I will build it as in the days of old:" 3300, "Son of man, wail for the multitude of Egypt, and cast them down, even her, and the daughters of the famous nations, unto the nether parts of the earth, with them that go down into the pit." 1640, "And I will lay sinews upon you, and will bring up flesh upon you, and cover you with skin, and put breath in you, and ye shall live; and ye shall know that I am the LORD." 5010, "As therefore the tares are gathered and burned in the fire; so shall it be in the end of this world." 9760, "But the LORD sent out a great wind into the sea, and there was a mighty tempest in the sea, so that the ship was like to be broken." 2810, "Then Jesus called his disciples unto him, and said, I have compassion on the multitude, because they continue with me now three days, and have nothing to eat: and I will not send them away fasting, lest they faint in the way." 3450, "But all this was done, that the scriptures of the prophets might be fulfilled. Then all the disciples forsook him, and fled." 4320, "Then Arioch brought in Daniel before the king in haste, and said thus unto him, I have found a man of the captives of Judah, that will make known unto the king the interpretation." 2230, "Then came to him the disciples of John, saying, Why do we and the Pharisees fast oft, but thy disciples fast not?" 3640, "Behold, it is come, and it is done, saith the Lord GOD; this is the day whereof I have spoken." 5480, "And the little chambers thereof were three on this side and three on that side; and the posts thereof and the arches thereof were after the measure of the first gate: the length thereof was fifty cubits, and the breadth five and twenty cubits." 225, "And their king shall go into captivity, he and his princes together, saith the LORD." 2210, "Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Edom, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because he did pursue his brother with the sword, and did cast off all pity, and his anger did tear perpetually, and he kept his wrath for ever:" 2100, "And whereas the king saw a watcher and an holy one coming down from heaven, and saying, Hew the tree down, and destroy it; yet leave the stump of the roots thereof in the earth, even with a band of iron and brass, in the tender grass of the field; and let it be wet with the dew of heaven, and let his portion be with the beasts of the field, till seven times pass over him;" 401, "For I will take you from among the heathen, and gather you out of all countries, and will bring you into your own land." 4810, "And he that is courageous among the mighty shall flee away naked in that day, saith the LORD." 2140, "I have smitten you with blasting and mildew: when your gardens and your vineyards and your fig trees and your olive trees increased, the palmerworm devoured them: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith the LORD." 2040, "And if any man say ought unto you, ye shall say, The Lord hath need of them; and straightway he will send them." 3850, "But found none: yea, though many false witnesses came, yet found they none. At the last came two false witnesses," 3380, "And the tree of the field shall yield her fruit, and the earth shall yield her increase, and they shall be safe in their land, and shall know that I am the LORD, when I have broken the bands of their yoke, and delivered them out of the hand of those that served themselves of them." 2190, "I will not execute the fierceness of mine anger, I will not return to destroy Ephraim: for I am God, and not man; the Holy One in the midst of thee: and I will not enter into the city." 1940, "But I say unto you, It shall be more tolerable for Tyre and Sidon at the day of judgment, than for you." 7030, "Yea, he had power over the angel, and prevailed: he wept, and made supplication unto him: he found him in Bethel, and there he spake with us;" 2090, "For this cause the king was angry and very furious, and commanded to destroy all the wise men of Babylon." 2560, "And one shall say unto him, What are these wounds in thine hands? Then he shall answer, Those with which I was wounded in the house of my friends." 3710, "He heard the sound of the trumpet, and took not warning; his blood shall be upon him. But he that taketh warning shall deliver his soul." 8060, "Although the fig tree shall not blossom, neither shall fruit be in the vines; the labour of the olive shall fail, and the fields shall yield no meat; the flock shall be cut off from the fold, and there shall be no herd in the stalls:" 4850, "And he came to the second, and said likewise. And he answered and said, I go, sir: and went not." 5220, "And join them one to another into one stick; and they shall become one in thine hand." 4580, "Upon his ruin shall all the fowls of the heaven remain, and all the beasts of the field shall be upon his branches:" 1880, "Belshazzar the king made a great feast to a thousand of his lords, and drank wine before the thousand." 3490, "So likewise ye, when ye shall see all these things, know that it is near, even at the doors." 13500, "And Jesus said unto them, Because of your unbelief: for verily I say unto you, If ye have faith as a grain of mustard seed, ye shall say unto this mountain, Remove hence to yonder place; and it shall remove; and nothing shall be impossible unto you." 8460, "Therefore shall a tumult arise among thy people, and all thy fortresses shall be spoiled, as Shalman spoiled Betharbel in the day of battle: the mother was dashed in pieces upon her children." 1950, "And Peter remembered the word of Jesus, which said unto him, Before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice. And he went out, and wept bitterly." 4620, "Then the devil leaveth him, and, behold, angels came and ministered unto him." 7590, "Hear ye, and testify in the house of Jacob, saith the Lord GOD, the God of hosts," 2230, "Again, the kingdom of heaven is like unto a net, that was cast into the sea, and gathered of every kind:" 7800, "Thus saith the Lord GOD; It shall also come to pass, that at the same time shall things come into thy mind, and thou shalt think an evil thought:" 3420, "In their setting of their threshold by my thresholds, and their post by my posts, and the wall between me and them, they have even defiled my holy name by their abominations that they have committed: wherefore I have consumed them in mine anger." 2280, "And at even, when the sun did set, they brought unto him all that were diseased, and them that were possessed with devils." 3250, "Then said he, Knowest thou wherefore I come unto thee? and now will I return to fight with the prince of Persia: and when I am gone forth, lo, the prince of Grecia shall come." 2330, "And they were all amazed, insomuch that they questioned among themselves, saying, What thing is this? what new doctrine is this? for with authority commandeth he even the unclean spirits, and they do obey him." 3520, "And when they had platted a crown of thorns, they put it upon his head, and a reed in his right hand: and they bowed the knee before him, and mocked him, saying, Hail, King of the Jews!" 5160, "When he was set down on the judgment seat, his wife sent unto him, saying, Have thou nothing to do with that just man: for I have suffered many things this day in a dream because of him." 4170, "Then shall the children of Judah and the children of Israel be gathered together, and appoint themselves one head, and they shall come up out of the land: for great shall be the day of Jezreel." 2430, "And for them, even for the priests, shall be this holy oblation; toward the north five and twenty thousand in length, and toward the west ten thousand in breadth, and toward the east ten thousand in breadth, and toward the south five and twenty thousand in length: and the sanctuary of the LORD shall be in the midst thereof." 1880, "The silver is mine, and the gold is mine, saith the LORD of hosts." 4990, "Egypt shall be a desolation, and Edom shall be a desolate wilderness, for the violence against the children of Judah, because they have shed innocent blood in their land." 2300, "Wherefore I poured my fury upon them for the blood that they had shed upon the land, and for their idols wherewith they had polluted it:" 1930, "And it shall be in that day, that living waters shall go out from Jerusalem; half of them toward the former sea, and half of them toward the hinder sea: in summer and in winter shall it be." 3320, "And as troops of robbers wait for a man, so the company of priests murder in the way by consent: for they commit lewdness." 1840, "Jesus answered and said unto them, Go and shew John again those things which ye do hear and see:" 3820, "Again he went out about the sixth and ninth hour, and did likewise." 5830, "Yea, they that feed of the portion of his meat shall destroy him, and his army shall overflow: and many shall fall down slain." 2170, "In that day shalt thou not be ashamed for all thy doings, wherein thou hast transgressed against me: for then I will take away out of the midst of thee them that rejoice in thy pride, and thou shalt no more be haughty because of my holy mountain." 2120, "But he denied before them all, saying, I know not what thou sayest." 5180, "Therefore thus will I do unto thee, O Israel: and because I will do this unto thee, prepare to meet thy God, O Israel." 2450, "I will surely assemble, O Jacob, all of thee; I will surely gather the remnant of Israel; I will put them together as the sheep of Bozrah, as the flock in the midst of their fold: they shall make great noise by reason of the multitude of men." 2110, "Then touched he their eyes, saying, According to your faith be it unto you." 7270, "And I will make her that halted a remnant, and her that was cast far off a strong nation: and the LORD shall reign over them in mount Zion from henceforth, even for ever." 2520, "But when the young man heard that saying, he went away sorrowful: for he had great possessions." 7700, "Hear the word of the LORD, ye children of Israel: for the LORD hath a controversy with the inhabitants of the land, because there is no truth, nor mercy, nor knowledge of God in the land." 3340, "And when he had agreed with the labourers for a penny a day, he sent them into his vineyard." 4540, "Then the eleven disciples went away into Galilee, into a mountain where Jesus had appointed them." 6430, "Who hath ears to hear, let him hear." 26000, "I will also vex the hearts of many people, when I shall bring thy destruction among the nations, into the countries which thou hast not known." 1830, "And they departed quickly from the sepulchre with fear and great joy; and did run to bring his disciples word." 4840, "When Pilate saw that he could prevail nothing, but that rather a tumult was made, he took water, and washed his hands before the multitude, saying, I am innocent of the blood of this just person: see ye to it." 5020, "They say unto him, He will miserably destroy those wicked men, and will let out his vineyard unto other husbandmen, which shall render him the fruits in their seasons." 3760, "And the earth shall hear the corn, and the wine, and the oil; and they shall hear Jezreel." 2300, "And the LORD their God shall save them in that day as the flock of his people: for they shall be as the stones of a crown, lifted up as an ensign upon his land." 2390, "Woe unto him that saith to the wood, Awake; to the dumb stone, Arise, it shall teach! Behold, it is laid over with gold and silver, and there is no breath at all in the midst of it." 2260, "To whom art thou thus like in glory and in greatness among the trees of Eden? yet shalt thou be brought down with the trees of Eden unto the nether parts of the earth: thou shalt lie in the midst of the uncircumcised with them that be slain by the sword. This is Pharaoh and all his multitude, saith the Lord GOD." 1760, "Yet destroyed I the Amorite before them, whose height was like the height of the cedars, and he was strong as the oaks; yet I destroyed his fruit from above, and his roots from beneath." 2270, "And saying, The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand: repent ye, and believe the gospel." 24400, "Ye hypocrites, well did Esaias prophesy of you, saying," 6080, "And Jesus departed from thence, and came nigh unto the sea of Galilee; and went up into a mountain, and sat down there." 2910, "And when they drew nigh unto Jerusalem, and were come to Bethphage, unto the mount of Olives, then sent Jesus two disciples," 4120, "Plead with your mother, plead: for she is not my wife, neither am I her husband: let her therefore put away her whoredoms out of her sight, and her adulteries from between her breasts;" 1840, "For unto every one that hath shall be given, and he shall have abundance: but from him that hath not shall be taken away even that which he hath." 10300, "He also that had received two talents came and said, Lord, thou deliveredst unto me two talents: behold, I have gained two other talents beside them." 5290, "And whereas they commanded to leave the stump of the tree roots; thy kingdom shall be sure unto thee, after that thou shalt have known that the heavens do rule." 2130, "Yea, I will cause men to walk upon you, even my people Israel; and they shall possess thee, and thou shalt be their inheritance, and thou shalt no more henceforth bereave them of men." 2010, "And shall also carry captives into Egypt their gods, with their princes, and with their precious vessels of silver and of gold; and he shall continue more years than the king of the north." 2150, "Ephraim compasseth me about with lies, and the house of Israel with deceit: but Judah yet ruleth with God, and is faithful with the saints." 2230, "Then the king commanded, and they brought Daniel, and cast him into the den of lions. Now the king spake and said unto Daniel, Thy God whom thou servest continually, he will deliver thee." 2600, "And, behold, a woman of Canaan came out of the same coasts, and cried unto him, saying, Have mercy on me, O Lord, thou Son of David; my daughter is grievously vexed with a devil." 5450, "For what is a man profited, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul? or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?" 16300, "They say unto him, Lord, that our eyes may be opened." 27600, "For Gaza shall be forsaken, and Ashkelon a desolation: they shall drive out Ashdod at the noon day, and Ekron shall be rooted up." 2250, "Prove thy servants, I beseech thee, ten days; and let them give us pulse to eat, and water to drink." 3630, "But he that cometh against him shall do according to his own will, and none shall stand before him: and he shall stand in the glorious land, which by his hand shall be consumed." 2560, "The same hour was the thing fulfilled upon Nebuchadnezzar: and he was driven from men, and did eat grass as oxen, and his body was wet with the dew of heaven, till his hairs were grown like eagles' feathers, and his nails like birds' claws." 2490, "The burden of the word of the LORD for Israel, saith the LORD, which stretcheth forth the heavens, and layeth the foundation of the earth, and formeth the spirit of man within him." 3550, "I will meet them as a bear that is bereaved of her whelps, and will rend the caul of their heart, and there will I devour them like a lion: the wild beast shall tear them." 1990, "Then Judas, which had betrayed him, when he saw that he was condemned, repented himself, and brought again the thirty pieces of silver to the chief priests and elders," 5180, "And thy mighty men, O Teman, shall be dismayed, to the end that every one of the mount of Esau may be cut off by slaughter." 2440, "Then shall they know that I am the LORD, when I have laid the land most desolate because of all their abominations which they have committed." 1910, "And knew her not till she had brought forth her firstborn son: and he called his name JESUS." 10000, "And also I have withholden the rain from you, when there were yet three months to the harvest: and I caused it to rain upon one city, and caused it not to rain upon another city: one piece was rained upon, and the piece whereupon it rained not withered." 2000, "The watchman of Ephraim was with my God: but the prophet is a snare of a fowler in all his ways, and hatred in the house of his God." 1840, "Why dost thou shew me iniquity, and cause me to behold grievance? for spoiling and violence are before me: and there are that raise up strife and contention." 2300, "And Azor begat Sadoc; and Sadoc begat Achim; and Achim begat Eliud;" 4060, "And from the bottom upon the ground even to the lower settle shall be two cubits, and the breadth one cubit; and from the lesser settle even to the greater settle shall be four cubits, and the breadth one cubit." 2290, "And the fame hereof went abroad into all that land." 2850, "And the inhabitants of one city shall go to another, saying, Let us go speedily to pray before the LORD, and to seek the LORD of hosts: I will go also." 2320, "But he answered and said, It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God." 19000, "Nebuchadnezzar the king, unto all people, nations, and languages, that dwell in all the earth; Peace be multiplied unto you." 2220, "Behold, I have told you before." 30900, "Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Now will I bring again the captivity of Jacob, and have mercy upon the whole house of Israel, and will be jealous for my holy name;" 2330, "And shall put my spirit in you, and ye shall live, and I shall place you in your own land: then shall ye know that I the LORD have spoken it, and performed it, saith the LORD." 5160, "Two women shall be grinding at the mill; the one shall be taken, and the other left." 14500, "And the Lord GOD of hosts is he that toucheth the land, and it shall melt, and all that dwell therein shall mourn: and it shall rise up wholly like a flood; and shall be drowned, as by the flood of Egypt." 2030, "And he said unto me, O Daniel, a man greatly beloved, understand the words that I speak unto thee, and stand upright: for unto thee am I now sent. And when he had spoken this word unto me, I stood trembling." 2560, "And he shall speak great words against the most High, and shall wear out the saints of the most High, and think to change times and laws: and they shall be given into his hand until a time and times and the dividing of time." 10800, "And I turned, and lifted up mine eyes, and looked, and, behold, there came four chariots out from between two mountains; and the mountains were mountains of brass." 2560, "Now when the prince shall prepare a voluntary burnt offering or peace offerings voluntarily unto the LORD, one shall then open him the gate that looketh toward the east, and he shall prepare his burnt offering and his peace offerings, as he did on the sabbath day: then he shall go forth; and after his going forth one shall shut the gate." 1740, "Is not this the carpenter's son? is not his mother called Mary? and his brethren, James, and Joses, and Simon, and Judas?" 7150, "The gates of the rivers shall be opened, and the palace shall be dissolved." 1890, "A day of the trumpet and alarm against the fenced cities, and against the high towers." 3170, "If David then call him Lord, how is he his son?" 6330, "The priests shall not eat of any thing that is dead of itself, or torn, whether it be fowl or beast." 1490, "O Lord, righteousness belongeth unto thee, but unto us confusion of faces, as at this day; to the men of Judah, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and unto all Israel, that are near, and that are far off, through all the countries whither thou hast driven them, because of their trespass that they have trespassed against thee." 2450, "He measured the east side with the measuring reed, five hundred reeds, with the measuring reed round about." 1800, "And shall cast them into the furnace of fire: there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth." 15400, "And I said unto them, If ye think good, give me my price; and if not, forbear. So they weighed for my price thirty pieces of silver." 2880, "The wind hath bound her up in her wings, and they shall be ashamed because of their sacrifices." 1760, "And forthwith he came to Jesus, and said, Hail, master; and kissed him." 4230, "Thus saith the LORD of hosts; If it be marvellous in the eyes of the remnant of this people in these days, should it also be marvellous in mine eyes? saith the LORD of hosts." 2070, "There is Edom, her kings, and all her princes, which with their might are laid by them that were slain by the sword: they shall lie with the uncircumcised, and with them that go down to the pit." 1410, "And it shall come to pass in that day, I will hear, saith the LORD, I will hear the heavens, and they shall hear the earth;" 14200, "Ye shall eat the flesh of the mighty, and drink the blood of the princes of the earth, of rams, of lambs, and of goats, of bullocks, all of them fatlings of Bashan." 2430, "And the chamber whose prospect is toward the north is for the priests, the keepers of the charge of the altar: these are the sons of Zadok among the sons of Levi, which come near to the LORD to minister unto him." 247, "For Israel slideth back as a backsliding heifer: now the LORD will feed them as a lamb in a large place." 1870, "Woe unto them! for they have fled from me: destruction unto them! because they have transgressed against me: though I have redeemed them, yet they have spoken lies against me." 1950, "And saying, Thou that destroyest the temple, and buildest it in three days, save thyself. If thou be the Son of God, come down from the cross." 5130, "The Son of man came eating and drinking, and they say, Behold a man gluttonous, and a winebibber, a friend of publicans and sinners. But wisdom is justified of her children." 4100, "He saith unto them, How then doth David in spirit call him Lord, saying," 5950, "Their horses also are swifter than the leopards, and are more fierce than the evening wolves: and their horsemen shall spread themselves, and their horsemen shall come from far; they shall fly as the eagle that hasteth to eat." 2340, "Therefore say I unto you, The kingdom of God shall be taken from you, and given to a nation bringing forth the fruits thereof." 7740, "They say unto him, Caesar's. Then saith he unto them, Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's." 4990, "And whosoever shall give to drink unto one of these little ones a cup of cold water only in the name of a disciple, verily I say unto you, he shall in no wise lose his reward." 6400, "And Jesus answered and spake unto them again by parables, and said," 5070, "And in controversy they shall stand in judgment; and they shall judge it according to my judgments: and they shall keep my laws and my statutes in all mine assemblies; and they shall hallow my sabbaths." 1720, "The thickness of the wall, which was for the side chamber without, was five cubits: and that which was left was the place of the side chambers that were within." 1960, "Likewise the people of the land shall worship at the door of this gate before the LORD in the sabbaths and in the new moons." 2140, "The rest said, Let be, let us see whether Elias will come to save him." 4080, "And he did not many mighty works there because of their unbelief." 9730, "Jesus saith unto them, Did ye never read in the scriptures, The stone which the builders rejected, the same is become the head of the corner: this is the Lord's doing, and it is marvellous in our eyes?" 5780, "A new heart also will I give you, and a new spirit will I put within you: and I will take away the stony heart out of your flesh, and I will give you an heart of flesh." 12700, "Also Amaziah said unto Amos, O thou seer, go, flee thee away into the land of Judah, and there eat bread, and prophesy there:" 1890, "And they took counsel, and bought with them the potter's field, to bury strangers in." 5060, "And I will pour upon the house of David, and upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem, the spirit of grace and of supplications: and they shall look upon me whom they have pierced, and they shall mourn for him, as one mourneth for his only son, and shall be in bitterness for him, as one that is in bitterness for his firstborn." 6850, "And it shall come to pass in that day, saith the LORD, that I will cut off thy horses out of the midst of thee, and I will destroy thy chariots:" 2120, "And consulted that they might take Jesus by subtilty, and kill him." 3050, "So Jonah went out of the city, and sat on the east side of the city, and there made him a booth, and sat under it in the shadow, till he might see what would become of the city." 1900, "And in his estate shall stand up a vile person, to whom they shall not give the honour of the kingdom: but he shall come in peaceably, and obtain the kingdom by flatteries." 3720, "And their eyes were opened; and Jesus straitly charged them, saying, See that no man know it." 2670, "And ye shall know that I am in the midst of Israel, and that I am the LORD your God, and none else: and my people shall never be ashamed." 5800, "Then Daniel requested of the king, and he set Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, over the affairs of the province of Babylon: but Daniel sat in the gate of the king." 2160, "Hold thy peace at the presence of the Lord GOD: for the day of the LORD is at hand: for the LORD hath prepared a sacrifice, he hath bid his guests." 2490, "Therefore is the kingdom of heaven likened unto a certain king, which would take account of his servants." 5410, "And he said unto them, I am an Hebrew; and I fear the LORD, the God of heaven, which hath made the sea and the dry land." 2610, "But the wise took oil in their vessels with their lamps." 13500, "And again I say unto you, It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God." 18400, "For thus saith the LORD unto the house of Israel, Seek ye me, and ye shall live:" 4250, "And Judas begat Phares and Zara of Thamar; and Phares begat Esrom; and Esrom begat Aram;" 4150, "Therefore, thou son of man, prophesy against Gog, and say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against thee, O Gog, the chief prince of Meshech and Tubal:" 2420, "Then the king's countenance was changed, and his thoughts troubled him, so that the joints of his loins were loosed, and his knees smote one against another." 3160, "For where your treasure is, there will your heart be also." 62400, "Therefore now shall they go captive with the first that go captive, and the banquet of them that stretched themselves shall be removed." 1670, "Ephraim is joined to idols: let him alone." 7640, "And at the end of ten days their countenances appeared fairer and fatter in flesh than all the children which did eat the portion of the king's meat." 2650, "Thy graven images also will I cut off, and thy standing images out of the midst of thee; and thou shalt no more worship the work of thine hands." 2300, "And he said, Behold, I will make thee know what shall be in the last end of the indignation: for at the time appointed the end shall be." 3330, "The tree that thou sawest, which grew, and was strong, whose height reached unto the heaven, and the sight thereof to all the earth;" 2170, "But when thou doest alms, let not thy left hand know what thy right hand doeth:" 10700, "They are all hot as an oven, and have devoured their judges; all their kings are fallen: there is none among them that calleth unto me." 1890, "The king answered unto Daniel, and said, Of a truth it is, that your God is a God of gods, and a Lord of kings, and a revealer of secrets, seeing thou couldest reveal this secret." 3010, "The floor and the winepress shall not feed them, and the new wine shall fail in her." 1550, "Her princes within her are roaring lions; her judges are evening wolves; they gnaw not the bones till the morrow." 2280, "So he went and took Gomer the daughter of Diblaim; which conceived, and bare him a son." 2550, "Hear this, I pray you, ye heads of the house of Jacob, and princes of the house of Israel, that abhor judgment, and pervert all equity." 1840, "There is no healing of thy bruise; thy wound is grievous: all that hear the bruit of thee shall clap the hands over thee: for upon whom hath not thy wickedness passed continually?" 1970, "Neither be ye called masters: for one is your Master, even Christ." 7430, "For while they be folden together as thorns, and while they are drunken as drunkards, they shall be devoured as stubble fully dry." 3650, "And the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat upon that house; and it fell not: for it was founded upon a rock." 15400, "Now the LORD had prepared a great fish to swallow up Jonah. And Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights." 4220, "When the unclean spirit is gone out of a man, he walketh through dry places, seeking rest, and findeth none." 6700, "And the gate of the inner court was over against the gate toward the north, and toward the east; and he measured from gate to gate an hundred cubits." 230, "Let him which is on the housetop not come down to take any thing out of his house:" 9540, "Now he that betrayed him gave them a sign, saying, Whomsoever I shall kiss, that same is he: hold him fast." 3660, "Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Moab, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because he burned the bones of the king of Edom into lime:" 2550, "And saith unto him, If thou be the Son of God, cast thyself down: for it is written, He shall give his angels charge concerning thee: and in their hands they shall bear thee up, lest at any time thou dash thy foot against a stone." 8000, "In those days came John the Baptist, preaching in the wilderness of Judaea," 6400, "And they had then a notable prisoner, called Barabbas." 3700, "But when he saw many of the Pharisees and Sadducees come to his baptism, he said unto them, O generation of vipers, who hath warned you to flee from the wrath to come?" 6280, "I will bring it forth, saith the LORD of hosts, and it shall enter into the house of the thief, and into the house of him that sweareth falsely by my name: and it shall remain in the midst of his house, and shall consume it with the timber thereof and the stones thereof." 2220, "For the kingdom of heaven is like unto a man that is an householder, which went out early in the morning to hire labourers into his vineyard." 4340, "I was a stranger, and ye took me not in: naked, and ye clothed me not: sick, and in prison, and ye visited me not." 13600, "And when Jesus was entered into Capernaum, there came unto him a centurion, beseeching him," 4320, "But whereunto shall I liken this generation? It is like unto children sitting in the markets, and calling unto their fellows," 2980, "And they shall wander from sea to sea, and from the north even to the east, they shall run to and fro to seek the word of the LORD, and shall not find it." 5350, "They hate him that rebuketh in the gate, and they abhor him that speaketh uprightly." 2240, "And he said unto me, What seest thou? And I answered, I see a flying roll; the length thereof is twenty cubits, and the breadth thereof ten cubits." 2930, "Shall not the day of the LORD be darkness, and not light? even very dark, and no brightness in it?" 2800, "Who art thou, O great mountain? before Zerubbabel thou shalt become a plain: and he shall bring forth the headstone thereof with shoutings, crying, Grace, grace unto it." 3540, "But seek not Bethel, nor enter into Gilgal, and pass not to Beersheba: for Gilgal shall surely go into captivity, and Bethel shall come to nought." 1930, "But I will have mercy upon the house of Judah, and will save them by the LORD their God, and will not save them by bow, nor by sword, nor by battle, by horses, nor by horsemen." 2340, "And ye shall flee to the valley of the mountains; for the valley of the mountains shall reach unto Azal: yea, ye shall flee, like as ye fled from before the earthquake in the days of Uzziah king of Judah: and the LORD my God shall come, and all the saints with thee." 3740, "And Jesus said, Are ye also yet without understanding?" 3870, "Behold, your house is left unto you desolate." 20000, "Whom dost thou pass in beauty? go down, and be thou laid with the uncircumcised." 1790, "And the residue shall be for the prince, on the one side and on the other of the holy oblation, and of the possession of the city, over against the five and twenty thousand of the oblation toward the east border, and westward over against the five and twenty thousand toward the west border, over against the portions for the prince: and it shall be the holy oblation; and the sanctuary of the house shall be in the midst thereof." 248, "And seven months shall the house of Israel be burying of them, that they may cleanse the land." 2870, "As they were increased, so they sinned against me: therefore will I change their glory into shame." 2560, "Then I lifted up mine eyes, and saw, and, behold, there stood before the river a ram which had two horns: and the two horns were high; but one was higher than the other, and the higher came up last." 2490, "And he said unto me, Son of man, hast thou seen this? Then he brought me, and caused me to return to the brink of the river." 3460, "When they saw the star, they rejoiced with exceeding great joy." 11900, "So I bought her to me for fifteen pieces of silver, and for an homer of barley, and an half homer of barley:" 1880, "And these are the measures of the altar after the cubits: The cubit is a cubit and an hand breadth; even the bottom shall be a cubit, and the breadth a cubit, and the border thereof by the edge thereof round about shall be a span: and this shall be the higher place of the altar." 2210, "Then he said unto me, Son of man, these bones are the whole house of Israel: behold, they say, Our bones are dried, and our hope is lost: we are cut off for our parts." 4730, "For, behold, the LORD cometh forth out of his place, and will come down, and tread upon the high places of the earth." 2290, "And they that dwell in the cities of Israel shall go forth, and shall set on fire and burn the weapons, both the shields and the bucklers, the bows and the arrows, and the handstaves, and the spears, and they shall burn them with fire seven years:" 2230, "And the gates of the city shall be after the names of the tribes of Israel: three gates northward; one gate of Reuben, one gate of Judah, one gate of Levi." 2440, "And Judah also shall fight at Jerusalem; and the wealth of all the heathen round about shall be gathered together, gold, and silver, and apparel, in great abundance." 2000, "They have set up kings, but not by me: they have made princes, and I knew it not: of their silver and their gold have they made them idols, that they may be cut off." 1900, "He is not here: for he is risen, as he said. Come, see the place where the Lord lay." 17800, "But let your communication be, Yea, yea; Nay, nay: for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil." 9230, "Beware of false prophets, which come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves." 34100, "Behold, at that time I will undo all that afflict thee: and I will save her that halteth, and gather her that was driven out; and I will get them praise and fame in every land where they have been put to shame." 2180, "Gird yourselves, and lament, ye priests: howl, ye ministers of the altar: come, lie all night in sackcloth, ye ministers of my God: for the meat offering and the drink offering is withholden from the house of your God." 2220, "And after he is cleansed, they shall reckon unto him seven days." 1760, "And his sisters, are they not all with us? Whence then hath this man all these things?" 5540, "Now gather thyself in troops, O daughter of troops: he hath laid siege against us: they shall smite the judge of Israel with a rod upon the cheek." 2520, "And when he was come into the house, the blind men came to him: and Jesus saith unto them, Believe ye that I am able to do this? They said unto him, Yea, Lord." 3580, "Seek him that maketh the seven stars and Orion, and turneth the shadow of death into the morning, and maketh the day dark with night: that calleth for the waters of the sea, and poureth them out upon the face of the earth: The LORD is his name:" 4220, "But after I am risen again, I will go before you into Galilee." 6000, "Insomuch that the multitude wondered, when they saw the dumb to speak, the maimed to be whole, the lame to walk, and the blind to see: and they glorified the God of Israel." 3420, "But he said unto them, All men cannot receive this saying, save they to whom it is given." 4460, "But forasmuch as he had not to pay, his lord commanded him to be sold, and his wife, and children, and all that he had, and payment to be made." 5630, "And if ye will receive it, this is Elias, which was for to come." 5510, "And I said, Hear, I pray you, O heads of Jacob, and ye princes of the house of Israel; Is it not for you to know judgment?" 2210, "Behold the fowls of the air: for they sow not, neither do they reap, nor gather into barns; yet your heavenly Father feedeth them. Are ye not much better than they?" 12600, "But that ye may know that the Son of man hath power on earth to forgive sins, (then saith he to the sick of the palsy,) Arise, take up thy bed, and go unto thine house." 4420, "And then will I profess unto them, I never knew you: depart from me, ye that work iniquity." 34000, "For she did not know that I gave her corn, and wine, and oil, and multiplied her silver and gold, which they prepared for Baal." 2050, "And when I beheld, lo, the sinews and the flesh came up upon them, and the skin covered them above: but there was no breath in them." 4540, "And I will bring them, and they shall dwell in the midst of Jerusalem: and they shall be my people, and I will be their God, in truth and in righteousness." 16600, "Then the lord of that servant was moved with compassion, and loosed him, and forgave him the debt." 5360, "So the spirit took me up, and brought me into the inner court; and, behold, the glory of the LORD filled the house." 2950, "That in the day that I shall visit the transgressions of Israel upon him I will also visit the altars of Bethel: and the horns of the altar shall be cut off, and fall to the ground." 2110, "The hand of the LORD was upon me, and carried me out in the spirit of the LORD, and set me down in the midst of the valley which was full of bones," 6970, "He shall enter also into the glorious land, and many countries shall be overthrown: but these shall escape out of his hand, even Edom, and Moab, and the chief of the children of Ammon." 4410, "I will even betroth thee unto me in faithfulness: and thou shalt know the LORD." 3050, "Then said he, These are the two anointed ones, that stand by the Lord of the whole earth." 3580, "Then came the word of the LORD by Haggai the prophet, saying," 2670, "And the multitude said, This is Jesus the prophet of Nazareth of Galilee." 5030, "But the men marvelled, saying, What manner of man is this, that even the winds and the sea obey him!" 4080, "But they said, Not on the feast day, lest there be an uproar among the people." 3620, "And yet I say unto you, That even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these." 17600, "Then shall they also answer him, saying, Lord, when saw we thee an hungred, or athirst, or a stranger, or naked, or sick, or in prison, and did not minister unto thee?" 7440, "And the LORD hath given a commandment concerning thee, that no more of thy name be sown: out of the house of thy gods will I cut off the graven image and the molten image: I will make thy grave; for thou art vile." 3270, "Agree with thine adversary quickly, whiles thou art in the way with him; lest at any time the adversary deliver thee to the judge, and the judge deliver thee to the officer, and thou be cast into prison." 5880, "But let man and beast be covered with sackcloth, and cry mightily unto God: yea, let them turn every one from his evil way, and from the violence that is in their hands." 3140, "And there were seven steps to go up to it, and the arches thereof were before them: and it had palm trees, one on this side, and another on that side, upon the posts thereof." 1560, "But all their works they do for to be seen of men: they make broad their phylacteries, and enlarge the borders of their garments," 5560, "Let both grow together until the harvest: and in the time of harvest I will say to the reapers, Gather ye together first the tares, and bind them in bundles to burn them: but gather the wheat into my barn." 9880, "Blow the trumpet in Zion, sanctify a fast, call a solemn assembly:" 6330, "And it shall come to pass in that day, that the mountains shall drop down new wine, and the hills shall flow with milk, and all the rivers of Judah shall flow with waters, and a fountain shall come forth of the house of the LORD, and shall water the valley of Shittim." 2410, "And when the devil was cast out, the dumb spake: and the multitudes marvelled, saying, It was never so seen in Israel." 2670, "Fear not, O land; be glad and rejoice: for the LORD will do great things." 4210, "And, behold, the angel that talked with me went forth, and another angel went out to meet him," 2190, "And the king was sorry: nevertheless for the oath's sake, and them which sat with him at meat, he commanded it to be given her." 2700, "A fiery stream issued and came forth from before him: thousand thousands ministered unto him, and ten thousand times ten thousand stood before him: the judgment was set, and the books were opened." 5480, "Jesus saith unto him, I say not unto thee, Until seven times: but, Until seventy times seven." 10100, "And when he had gathered all the chief priests and scribes of the people together, he demanded of them where Christ should be born." 6520, "Yet I am the LORD thy God from the land of Egypt, and thou shalt know no god but me: for there is no saviour beside me." 2480, "And for fear of him the keepers did shake, and became as dead men." 6820, "The black horses which are therein go forth into the north country; and the white go forth after them; and the grisled go forth toward the south country." 2450, "In the land shall be his possession in Israel: and my princes shall no more oppress my people; and the rest of the land shall they give to the house of Israel according to their tribes." 1520, "But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub the prince of the devils." 5040, "So all the generations from Abraham to David are fourteen generations; and from David until the carrying away into Babylon are fourteen generations; and from the carrying away into Babylon unto Christ are fourteen generations." 5060, "Then said the LORD unto me; This gate shall be shut, it shall not be opened, and no man shall enter in by it; because the LORD, the God of Israel, hath entered in by it, therefore it shall be shut." 2220, "Then these presidents and princes assembled together to the king, and said thus unto him, King Darius, live for ever." 2720, "When Herod the king had heard these things, he was troubled, and all Jerusalem with him." 9220, "And it shall come to pass, that the fishers shall stand upon it from Engedi even unto Eneglaim; they shall be a place to spread forth nets; their fish shall be according to their kinds, as the fish of the great sea, exceeding many." 3880, "And sitting down they watched him there;" 20100, "The west side also shall be the great sea from the border, till a man come over against Hamath. This is the west side." 1980, "And they immediately left the ship and their father, and followed him." 11600, "I drew them with cords of a man, with bands of love: and I was to them as they that take off the yoke on their jaws, and I laid meat unto them." 2240, "And he shall pass through the sea with affliction, and shall smite the waves in the sea, and all the deeps of the river shall dry up: and the pride of Assyria shall be brought down, and the sceptre of Egypt shall depart away." 2090, "And the pavement by the side of the gates over against the length of the gates was the lower pavement." 1990, "For the length of the chambers that were in the utter court was fifty cubits: and, lo, before the temple were an hundred cubits." 235, "And he arose, and departed to his house." 28800, "Because thou hast said, These two nations and these two countries shall be mine, and we will possess it; whereas the LORD was there:" 1900, "And I will bring the third part through the fire, and will refine them as silver is refined, and will try them as gold is tried: they shall call on my name, and I will hear them: I will say, It is my people: and they shall say, The LORD is my God." 5430, "And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children, and the heart of the children to their fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse." 12800, "The LORD God is my strength, and he will make my feet like hinds' feet, and he will make me to walk upon mine high places. To the chief singer on my stringed instruments." 2910, "Gomer, and all his bands; the house of Togarmah of the north quarters, and all his bands: and many people with thee." 3130, "Though thou exalt thyself as the eagle, and though thou set thy nest among the stars, thence will I bring thee down, saith the LORD." 3210, "Whoso therefore shall swear by the altar, sweareth by it, and by all things thereon." 3350, "The virgin of Israel is fallen; she shall no more rise: she is forsaken upon her land; there is none to raise her up." 1910, "And at midnight there was a cry made, Behold, the bridegroom cometh; go ye out to meet him." 10200, "Then Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Joshua the son of Josedech, the high priest, with all the remnant of the people, obeyed the voice of the LORD their God, and the words of Haggai the prophet, as the LORD their God had sent him, and the people did fear before the LORD." 2380, "Thou shalt ascend and come like a storm, thou shalt be like a cloud to cover the land, thou, and all thy bands, and many people with thee." 3790, "Then shall the offering of Judah and Jerusalem be pleasant unto the LORD, as in the days of old, and as in former years." 2970, "If one bear holy flesh in the skirt of his garment, and with his skirt do touch bread, or pottage, or wine, or oil, or any meat, shall it be holy? And the priests answered and said, No." 2290, "Whosoever therefore shall confess me before men, him will I confess also before my Father which is in heaven." 14900, "And no man was able to answer him a word, neither durst any man from that day forth ask him any more questions." 4580, "Provide neither gold, nor silver, nor brass in your purses," 5370, "Now when Jesus saw great multitudes about him, he gave commandment to depart unto the other side." 3260, "And she shall bring forth a son, and thou shalt call his name JESUS: for he shall save his people from their sins." 23300, "Take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof." 14300, "Hear this, ye old men, and give ear, all ye inhabitants of the land. Hath this been in your days, or even in the days of your fathers?" 2370, "And I heard him speaking unto me out of the house; and the man stood by me." 3300, "Therefore as I live, saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, Surely Moab shall be as Sodom, and the children of Ammon as Gomorrah, even the breeding of nettles, and saltpits, and a perpetual desolation: the residue of my people shall spoil them, and the remnant of my people shall possess them." 2130, "So they went, and made the sepulchre sure, sealing the stone, and setting a watch." 4450, "The ephah and the bath shall be of one measure, that the bath may contain the tenth part of an homer, and the ephah the tenth part of an homer: the measure thereof shall be after the homer." 1870, "Wherefore, O king, let my counsel be acceptable unto thee, and break off thy sins by righteousness, and thine iniquities by shewing mercy to the poor; if it may be a lengthening of thy tranquillity." 2510, "But in the last days it shall come to pass, that the mountain of the house of the LORD shall be established in the top of the mountains, and it shall be exalted above the hills; and people shall flow unto it." 5000, "He shall recount his worthies: they shall stumble in their walk; they shall make haste to the wall thereof, and the defence shall be prepared." 1780, "In that day also he shall come even to thee from Assyria, and from the fortified cities, and from the fortress even to the river, and from sea to sea, and from mountain to mountain." 1910, "And the governor said, Why, what evil hath he done? But they cried out the more, saying, Let him be crucified." 4630, "He revealeth the deep and secret things: he knoweth what is in the darkness, and the light dwelleth with him." 5610, "Take of them of the captivity, even of Heldai, of Tobijah, and of Jedaiah, which are come from Babylon, and come thou the same day, and go into the house of Josiah the son of Zephaniah;" 1900, "And they shall dwell in the land that I have given unto Jacob my servant, wherein your fathers have dwelt; and they shall dwell therein, even they, and their children, and their children's children for ever: and my servant David shall be their prince for ever." 3050, "I will hiss for them, and gather them; for I have redeemed them: and they shall increase as they have increased." 2190, "And he came and took her by the hand, and lifted her up; and immediately the fever left her, and she ministered unto them." 3100, "Then Jonah prayed unto the LORD his God out of the fish's belly," 3760, "And the temple and the sanctuary had two doors." 4330, "For thus saith the LORD of hosts; Yet once, it is a little while, and I will shake the heavens, and the earth, and the sea, and the dry land;" 3660, "According to the days of thy coming out of the land of Egypt will I shew unto him marvellous things." 1830, "But he shall have power over the treasures of gold and of silver, and over all the precious things of Egypt: and the Libyans and the Ethiopians shall be at his steps." 4390, "And I have heard of thee, that thou canst make interpretations, and dissolve doubts: now if thou canst read the writing, and make known to me the interpretation thereof, thou shalt be clothed with scarlet, and have a chain of gold about thy neck, and shalt be the third ruler in the kingdom." 2250, "And the LORD shall inherit Judah his portion in the holy land, and shall choose Jerusalem again." 2250, "For I was an hungred, and ye gave me meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave me drink: I was a stranger, and ye took me in:" 17100, "Behold, thy people in the midst of thee are women: the gates of thy land shall be set wide open unto thine enemies: the fire shall devour thy bars." 1980, "The thieves also, which were crucified with him, cast the same in his teeth." 5320, "But the chief priests and elders persuaded the multitude that they should ask Barabbas, and destroy Jesus." 3870, "Therefore will I be unto Ephraim as a moth, and to the house of Judah as rottenness." 1720, "For verily I say unto you, That many prophets and righteous men have desired to see those things which ye see, and have not seen them; and to hear those things which ye hear, and have not heard them." 5220, "And after thee shall arise another kingdom inferior to thee, and another third kingdom of brass, which shall bear rule over all the earth." 4260, "And did not he make one? Yet had he the residue of the spirit. And wherefore one? That he might seek a godly seed. Therefore take heed to your spirit, and let none deal treacherously against the wife of his youth." 3710, "And one said to the man clothed in linen, which was upon the waters of the river, How long shall it be to the end of these wonders?" 3080, "Can a bird fall in a snare upon the earth, where no gin is for him? shall one take up a snare from the earth, and have taken nothing at all?" 2270, "Multitudes, multitudes in the valley of decision: for the day of the LORD is near in the valley of decision." 11600, "And the sword shall abide on his cities, and shall consume his branches, and devour them, because of their own counsels." 1700, "And according to the doors of the chambers that were toward the south was a door in the head of the way, even the way directly before the wall toward the east, as one entereth into them." 250, "All these things spake Jesus unto the multitude in parables; and without a parable spake he not unto them:" 5570, "Therefore thou shalt devour men no more, neither bereave thy nations any more, saith the Lord GOD." 2100, "Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Israel, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they sold the righteous for silver, and the poor for a pair of shoes;" 2430, "And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil: For thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory, for ever. Amen." 34700, "Therefore I will wail and howl, I will go stripped and naked: I will make a wailing like the dragons, and mourning as the owls." 2310, "But the judgment shall sit, and they shall take away his dominion, to consume and to destroy it unto the end." 4950, "And they straightway left their nets, and followed him." 6070, "And the disciples did as Jesus had appointed them; and they made ready the passover." 5130, "And then shall appear the sign of the Son of man in heaven: and then shall all the tribes of the earth mourn, and they shall see the Son of man coming in the clouds of heaven with power and great glory." 20200, "And behold another beast, a second, like to a bear, and it raised up itself on one side, and it had three ribs in the mouth of it between the teeth of it: and they said thus unto it, Arise, devour much flesh." 3700, "Be thou prepared, and prepare for thyself, thou, and all thy company that are assembled unto thee, and be thou a guard unto them." 3510, "He measured the south side, five hundred reeds, with the measuring reed." 2060, "And said unto them; Go ye also into the vineyard, and whatsoever is right I will give you. And they went their way." 4840, "And the house of Jacob shall be a fire, and the house of Joseph a flame, and the house of Esau for stubble, and they shall kindle in them, and devour them; and there shall not be any remaining of the house of Esau; for the LORD hath spoken it." 3060, "Now the birth of Jesus Christ was on this wise: When as his mother Mary was espoused to Joseph, before they came together, she was found with child of the Holy Ghost." 10900, "As for Ephraim, their glory shall fly away like a bird, from the birth, and from the womb, and from the conception." 1860, "And his fame went throughout all Syria: and they brought unto him all sick people that were taken with divers diseases and torments, and those which were possessed with devils, and those which were lunatick, and those that had the palsy; and he healed them." 3560, "And were baptized of him in Jordan, confessing their sins." 10200, "But when the Pharisees saw it, they said unto him, Behold, thy disciples do that which is not lawful to do upon the sabbath day." 4240, "For they are gone up to Assyria, a wild ass alone by himself: Ephraim hath hired lovers." 1700, "And it shall come to pass, that in what tribe the stranger sojourneth, there shall ye give him his inheritance, saith the Lord GOD." 2160, "No man can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon." 21600, "He that is not with me is against me; and he that gathereth not with me scattereth abroad." 8360, "The voice of one crying in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his paths straight." 16900, "Hear ye, O mountains, the LORD'S controversy, and ye strong foundations of the earth: for the LORD hath a controversy with his people, and he will plead with Israel." 2130, "And they shall come at no dead person to defile themselves: but for father, or for mother, or for son, or for daughter, for brother, or for sister that hath had no husband, they may defile themselves." 1600, "As for the rest of the tribes, from the east side unto the west side, Benjamin shall have a portion." 1760, "And he came and dwelt in a city called Nazareth: that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophets, He shall be called a Nazarene." 6990, "Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of the children of Ammon, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they have ripped up the women with child of Gilead, that they might enlarge their border:" 2040, "Whereas Edom saith, We are impoverished, but we will return and build the desolate places; thus saith the LORD of hosts, They shall build, but I will throw down; and they shall call them, The border of wickedness, and, The people against whom the LORD hath indignation for ever." 2250, "Even so it is not the will of your Father which is in heaven, that one of these little ones should perish." 15300, "And the land shall mourn, every family apart; the family of the house of David apart, and their wives apart; the family of the house of Nathan apart, and their wives apart;" 2660, "They shall fall in the midst of them that are slain by the sword: she is delivered to the sword: draw her and all her multitudes." 1720, "And wheresoever the children of men dwell, the beasts of the field and the fowls of the heaven hath he given into thine hand, and hath made thee ruler over them all. Thou art this head of gold." 3590, "Hear this, O ye that swallow up the needy, even to make the poor of the land to fail," 2200, "And they shall not come near unto me, to do the office of a priest unto me, nor to come near to any of my holy things, in the most holy place: but they shall bear their shame, and their abominations which they have committed." 1760, "Thou shalt fall upon the open field: for I have spoken it, saith the Lord GOD." 4480, "They will not frame their doings to turn unto their God: for the spirit of whoredoms is in the midst of them, and they have not known the LORD." 1800, "Cry yet, saying, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; My cities through prosperity shall yet be spread abroad; and the LORD shall yet comfort Zion, and shall yet choose Jerusalem." 1940, "Know therefore and understand, that from the going forth of the commandment to restore and to build Jerusalem unto the Messiah the Prince shall be seven weeks, and threescore and two weeks: the street shall be built again, and the wall, even in troublous times." 8390, "Now after that John was put in prison, Jesus came into Galilee, preaching the gospel of the kingdom of God," 8630, "Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you:" 34200, "All the men of thy confederacy have brought thee even to the border: the men that were at peace with thee have deceived thee, and prevailed against thee; they that eat thy bread have laid a wound under thee: there is none understanding in him." 2150, "And if I by Beelzebub cast out devils, by whom do your children cast them out? therefore they shall be your judges." 4510, "Then saith Jesus unto them, All ye shall be offended because of me this night: for it is written, I will smite the shepherd, and the sheep of the flock shall be scattered abroad." 4150, "Then shall he answer them, saying, Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye did it not to one of the least of these, ye did it not to me." 10300, "And Jesus went out, and departed from the temple: and his disciples came to him for to shew him the buildings of the temple." 6250, "And as he sat upon the mount of Olives, the disciples came unto him privately, saying, Tell us, when shall these things be? and what shall be the sign of thy coming, and of the end of the world?" 11800, "For there shall arise false Christs, and false prophets, and shall shew great signs and wonders; insomuch that, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect." 20600, "And I will set my glory among the heathen, and all the heathen shall see my judgment that I have executed, and my hand that I have laid upon them." 2230, "Seven days shalt thou prepare every day a goat for a sin offering: they shall also prepare a young bullock, and a ram out of the flock, without blemish." 2030, "PERES; Thy kingdom is divided, and given to the Medes and Persians." 4170, "And I will sow her unto me in the earth; and I will have mercy upon her that had not obtained mercy; and I will say to them which were not my people, Thou art my people; and they shall say, Thou art my God." 2820, "Then said he unto me, This is the curse that goeth forth over the face of the whole earth: for every one that stealeth shall be cut off as on this side according to it; and every one that sweareth shall be cut off as on that side according to it." 2600, "And when he came to the den, he cried with a lamentable voice unto Daniel: and the king spake and said to Daniel, O Daniel, servant of the living God, is thy God, whom thou servest continually, able to deliver thee from the lions?" 2440, "But thou, when thou prayest, enter into thy closet, and when thou hast shut thy door, pray to thy Father which is in secret; and thy Father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly." 15800, "Neither shall they shave their heads, nor suffer their locks to grow long; they shall only poll their heads." 1870, "And every one that heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them not, shall be likened unto a foolish man, which built his house upon the sand:" 12100, "Ephraim, as I saw Tyrus, is planted in a pleasant place: but Ephraim shall bring forth his children to the murderer." 1400, "They sacrifice flesh for the sacrifices of mine offerings, and eat it; but the LORD accepteth them not; now will he remember their iniquity, and visit their sins: they shall return to Egypt." 1600, "And he shewed me Joshua the high priest standing before the angel of the LORD, and Satan standing at his right hand to resist him." 3440, "And I took my staff, even Beauty, and cut it asunder, that I might break my covenant which I had made with all the people." 2260, "Therefore also now, saith the LORD, turn ye even to me with all your heart, and with fasting, and with weeping, and with mourning:" 4460, "And I will overthrow the throne of kingdoms, and I will destroy the strength of the kingdoms of the heathen; and I will overthrow the chariots, and those that ride in them; and the horses and their riders shall come down, every one by the sword of his brother." 2190, "But I say unto you, That ye resist not evil: but whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also." 17800, "Say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will take the stick of Joseph, which is in the hand of Ephraim, and the tribes of Israel his fellows, and will put them with him, even with the stick of Judah, and make them one stick, and they shall be one in mine hand." 4340, "And now will I shew thee the truth. Behold, there shall stand up yet three kings in Persia; and the fourth shall be far richer than they all: and by his strength through his riches he shall stir up all against the realm of Grecia." 2470, "Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father which is in heaven is perfect." 30600, "And Jacob fled into the country of Syria, and Israel served for a wife, and for a wife he kept sheep." 1730, "Then shall ye remember your own evil ways, and your doings that were not good, and shall lothe yourselves in your own sight for your iniquities and for your abominations." 2110, "But when Herod was dead, behold, an angel of the Lord appeareth in a dream to Joseph in Egypt," 4230, "How think ye? if a man have an hundred sheep, and one of them be gone astray, doth he not leave the ninety and nine, and goeth into the mountains, and seeketh that which is gone astray?" 4000, "So thou, O son of man, I have set thee a watchman unto the house of Israel; therefore thou shalt hear the word at my mouth, and warn them from me." 3240, "But lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust doth corrupt, and where thieves do not break through nor steal:" 18500, "Then answered Amos, and said to Amaziah, I was no prophet, neither was I a prophet's son; but I was an herdman, and a gatherer of sycomore fruit:" 1990, "Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the LORD:" 18300, "And Jesus answered and said unto them, Take heed that no man deceive you." 18600, "Behold, I will make Jerusalem a cup of trembling unto all the people round about, when they shall be in the siege both against Judah and against Jerusalem." 6120, "He cried aloud, and said thus, Hew down the tree, and cut off his branches, shake off his leaves, and scatter his fruit: let the beasts get away from under it, and the fowls from his branches:" 2510, "Then went out to him Jerusalem, and all Judaea, and all the region round about Jordan," 4460, "It is thou, O king, that art grown and become strong: for thy greatness is grown, and reacheth unto heaven, and thy dominion to the end of the earth." 2130, "And the LORD shall be seen over them, and his arrow shall go forth as the lightning: and the Lord GOD shall blow the trumpet, and shall go with whirlwinds of the south." 2060, "But I will shew thee that which is noted in the scripture of truth: and there is none that holdeth with me in these things, but Michael your prince." 2870, "Hear another parable: There was a certain householder, which planted a vineyard, and hedged it round about, and digged a winepress in it, and built a tower, and let it out to husbandmen, and went into a far country:" 3850, "This shall be the punishment of Egypt, and the punishment of all nations that come not up to keep the feast of tabernacles." 5640, "Thus saith the LORD of hosts; It shall yet come to pass, that there shall come people, and the inhabitants of many cities:" 2640, "Then was the king exceeding glad for him, and commanded that they should take Daniel up out of the den. So Daniel was taken up out of the den, and no manner of hurt was found upon him, because he believed in his God." 2260, "And when he had gone a little further thence, he saw James the son of Zebedee, and John his brother, who also were in the ship mending their nets." 2380, "And they said unto him, In Bethlehem of Judaea: for thus it is written by the prophet," 8480, "And before him shall be gathered all nations: and he shall separate them one from another, as a shepherd divideth his sheep from the goats:" 15400, "When Jesus heard it, he marvelled, and said to them that followed, Verily I say unto you, I have not found so great faith, no, not in Israel." 5610, "Shall a trumpet be blown in the city, and the people not be afraid? shall there be evil in a city, and the LORD hath not done it?" 7690, "He saith unto them, But whom say ye that I am?" 16500, "And I heard, but I understood not: then said I, O my Lord, what shall be the end of these things?" 6260, "I make a decree, That in every dominion of my kingdom men tremble and fear before the God of Daniel: for he is the living God, and stedfast for ever, and his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed, and his dominion shall be even unto the end." 2280, "The LORD hath taken away thy judgments, he hath cast out thine enemy: the king of Israel, even the LORD, is in the midst of thee: thou shalt not see evil any more." 2540, "And I will multiply men upon you, all the house of Israel, even all of it: and the cities shall be inhabited, and the wastes shall be builded:" 1880, "Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; I have lifted up mine hand, Surely the heathen that are about you, they shall bear their shame." 1960, "Behold, I am against thee, saith the LORD of hosts, and I will burn her chariots in the smoke, and the sword shall devour thy young lions: and I will cut off thy prey from the earth, and the voice of thy messengers shall no more be heard." 1940, "But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour." 4170, "And ye shall know that I have sent this commandment unto you, that my covenant might be with Levi, saith the LORD of hosts." 2720, "Then whosoever heareth the sound of the trumpet, and taketh not warning; if the sword come, and take him away, his blood shall be upon his own head." 8350, "Therefore thus saith the LORD; Thy wife shall be an harlot in the city, and thy sons and thy daughters shall fall by the sword, and thy land shall be divided by line; and thou shalt die in a polluted land: and Israel shall surely go into captivity forth of his land." 1990, "He made also posts of threescore cubits, even unto the post of the court round about the gate." 1810, "They make the king glad with their wickedness, and the princes with their lies." 2160, "When they shall go, I will spread my net upon them; I will bring them down as the fowls of the heaven; I will chastise them, as their congregation hath heard." 1900, "Neither have we obeyed the voice of the LORD our God, to walk in his laws, which he set before us by his servants the prophets." 2950, "And they that did eat were four thousand men, beside women and children." 3010, "Then the heathen that are left round about you shall know that I the LORD build the ruined places, and plant that that was desolate: I the LORD have spoken it, and I will do it." 1970, "He measured the north side, five hundred reeds, with the measuring reed round about." 1840, "If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your Father which is in heaven give good things to them that ask him?" 14900, "In the seventh month, in the one and twentieth day of the month, came the word of the LORD by the prophet Haggai, saying," 2600, "And last of all the woman died also." 11000, "He saith, Yes. And when he was come into the house, Jesus prevented him, saying, What thinkest thou, Simon? of whom do the kings of the earth take custom or tribute? of their own children, or of strangers?" 3870, "Yea, he magnified himself even to the prince of the host, and by him the daily sacrifice was taken away, and the place of his sanctuary was cast down." 2860, "And ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars: see that ye be not troubled: for all these things must come to pass, but the end is not yet." 25100, "For behold the stone that I have laid before Joshua; upon one stone shall be seven eyes: behold, I will engrave the graving thereof, saith the LORD of hosts, and I will remove the iniquity of that land in one day." 2440, "I will bear the indignation of the LORD, because I have sinned against him, until he plead my cause, and execute judgment for me: he will bring me forth to the light, and I shall behold his righteousness." 2320, "Therefore also will I make thee sick in smiting thee, in making thee desolate because of thy sins." 1950, "And I will feed the flock of slaughter, even you, O poor of the flock. And I took unto me two staves; the one I called Beauty, and the other I called Bands; and I fed the flock." 1750, "But Daniel purposed in his heart that he would not defile himself with the portion of the king's meat, nor with the wine which he drank: therefore he requested of the prince of the eunuchs that he might not defile himself." 4040, "Now as he walked by the sea of Galilee, he saw Simon and Andrew his brother casting a net into the sea: for they were fishers." 4500, "The field is wasted, the land mourneth; for the corn is wasted: the new wine is dried up, the oil languisheth." 3910, "And they spit upon him, and took the reed, and smote him on the head." 6400, "And Jesus stood still, and called them, and said, What will ye that I shall do unto you?" 5040, "Then I would know the truth of the fourth beast, which was diverse from all the others, exceeding dreadful, whose teeth were of iron, and his nails of brass; which devoured, brake in pieces, and stamped the residue with his feet;" 3070, "He answered and said, I will not: but afterward he repented, and went." 7110, "Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Tyrus, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they delivered up the whole captivity to Edom, and remembered not the brotherly covenant:" 2070, "Saying, What think ye of Christ? whose son is he? They say unto him, The Son of David." 6070, "Samaria shall become desolate; for she hath rebelled against her God: they shall fall by the sword: their infants shall be dashed in pieces, and their women with child shall be ripped up." 2900, "For I say unto you, That except your righteousness shall exceed the righteousness of the scribes and Pharisees, ye shall in no case enter into the kingdom of heaven." 12400, "Say ye unto your brethren, Ammi; and to your sisters, Ruhamah." 2130, "Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye pay tithe of mint and anise and cummin, and have omitted the weightier matters of the law, judgment, mercy, and faith: these ought ye to have done, and not to leave the other undone." 8670, "And they shall teach my people the difference between the holy and profane, and cause them to discern between the unclean and the clean." 2810, "For they have sown the wind, and they shall reap the whirlwind: it hath no stalk: the bud shall yield no meal: if so be it yield, the strangers shall swallow it up." 2410, "But they shall sit every man under his vine and under his fig tree; and none shall make them afraid: for the mouth of the LORD of hosts hath spoken it." 4040, "Also, O Judah, he hath set an harvest for thee, when I returned the captivity of my people." 1730, "The Lord GOD hath sworn by himself, saith the LORD the God of hosts, I abhor the excellency of Jacob, and hate his palaces: therefore will I deliver up the city with all that is therein." 1740, "And it waxed great, even to the host of heaven; and it cast down some of the host and of the stars to the ground, and stamped upon them." 4230, "The lord of that servant shall come in a day when he looketh not for him, and in an hour that he is not aware of," 12300, "In the four corners of the court there were courts joined of forty cubits long and thirty broad: these four corners were of one measure." 1690, "The field is the world; the good seed are the children of the kingdom; but the tares are the children of the wicked one;" 12400, "He that loveth father or mother more than me is not worthy of me: and he that loveth son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me." 15800, "Now when he had made an end of measuring the inner house, he brought me forth toward the gate whose prospect is toward the east, and measured it round about." 1590, "And while he yet spake, lo, Judas, one of the twelve, came, and with him a great multitude with swords and staves, from the chief priests and elders of the people." 3640, "Who is wise, and he shall understand these things? prudent, and he shall know them? for the ways of the LORD are right, and the just shall walk in them: but the transgressors shall fall therein." 2310, "Who, when he had found one pearl of great price, went and sold all that he had, and bought it." 12500, "And they lay themselves down upon clothes laid to pledge by every altar, and they drink the wine of the condemned in the house of their god." 2280, "But I say unto you, That whosoever is angry with his brother without a cause shall be in danger of the judgment: and whosoever shall say to his brother, Raca, shall be in danger of the council: but whosoever shall say, Thou fool, shall be in danger of hell fire." 11900, "And I will bring distress upon men, that they shall walk like blind men, because they have sinned against the LORD: and their blood shall be poured out as dust, and their flesh as the dung." 2710, "For a nation is come up upon my land, strong, and without number, whose teeth are the teeth of a lion, and he hath the cheek teeth of a great lion." 2310, "And he saith unto them, Whose is this image and superscription?" 7480, "And as for you, O my flock, thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I judge between cattle and cattle, between the rams and the he goats." 2010, "And he said unto me, This chamber, whose prospect is toward the south, is for the priests, the keepers of the charge of the house." 2010, "Thus saith the LORD; Though they be quiet, and likewise many, yet thus shall they be cut down, when he shall pass through. Though I have afflicted thee, I will afflict thee no more." 3430, "Then began he to upbraid the cities wherein most of his mighty works were done, because they repented not:" 4130, "After that they have borne their shame, and all their trespasses whereby they have trespassed against me, when they dwelt safely in their land, and none made them afraid." 2110, "Now at the end of the days that the king had said he should bring them in, then the prince of the eunuchs brought them in before Nebuchadnezzar." 2420, "And the kingdom and dominion, and the greatness of the kingdom under the whole heaven, shall be given to the people of the saints of the most High, whose kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and all dominions shall serve and obey him." 6320, "I will be thy king: where is any other that may save thee in all thy cities? and thy judges of whom thou saidst, Give me a king and princes?" 2030, "Tell ye your children of it, and let your children tell their children, and their children another generation." 3110, "Thou wilt perform the truth to Jacob, and the mercy to Abraham, which thou hast sworn unto our fathers from the days of old." 2150, "And when they were assembled with the elders, and had taken counsel, they gave large money unto the soldiers," 3900, "And Jesus answering said unto him, Suffer it to be so now: for thus it becometh us to fulfil all righteousness. Then he suffered him." 5940, "For if ye love them which love you, what reward have ye? do not even the publicans the same?" 11900, "And he entered into a ship, and passed over, and came into his own city." 11900, "At the time appointed he shall return, and come toward the south; but it shall not be as the former, or as the latter." 2310, "Then went he inward, and measured the post of the door, two cubits; and the door, six cubits; and the breadth of the door, seven cubits." 1870, "Or have ye not read in the law, how that on the sabbath days the priests in the temple profane the sabbath, and are blameless?" 4480, "And now will I discover her lewdness in the sight of her lovers, and none shall deliver her out of mine hand." 1820, "This is the lamentation wherewith they shall lament her: the daughters of the nations shall lament her: they shall lament for her, even for Egypt, and for all her multitude, saith the Lord GOD." 237, "And the meat offering shall be an ephah for a ram, and the meat offering for the lambs as he shall be able to give, and an hin of oil to an ephah." 1810, "Neither shouldest thou have stood in the crossway, to cut off those of his that did escape; neither shouldest thou have delivered up those of his that did remain in the day of distress." 2150, "So I answered and spake to the angel that talked with me, saying, What are these, my lord?" 2570, "Ye who turn judgment to wormwood, and leave off righteousness in the earth," 2400, "But I say unto you, That every idle word that men shall speak, they shall give account thereof in the day of judgment." 15600, "For this is he, of whom it is written, Behold, I send my messenger before thy face, which shall prepare thy way before thee." 4960, "Rejoice greatly, O daughter of Zion; shout, O daughter of Jerusalem: behold, thy King cometh unto thee: he is just, and having salvation; lowly, and riding upon an ass, and upon a colt the foal of an ass." 6320, "When thou hast made an end of cleansing it, thou shalt offer a young bullock without blemish, and a ram out of the flock without blemish." 1930, "And I called for a drought upon the land, and upon the mountains, and upon the corn, and upon the new wine, and upon the oil, and upon that which the ground bringeth forth, and upon men, and upon cattle, and upon all the labour of the hands." 2690, "O Lord, hear; O Lord, forgive; O Lord, hearken and do; defer not, for thine own sake, O my God: for thy city and thy people are called by thy name." 250, "Then he shall turn his face toward the fort of his own land: but he shall stumble and fall, and not be found." 2080, "And his disciples say unto him, Whence should we have so much bread in the wilderness, as to fill so great a multitude?" 2700, "Asshur is there and all her company: his graves are about him: all of them slain, fallen by the sword:" 1880, "Thus saith the Lord GOD; The gate of the inner court that looketh toward the east shall be shut the six working days; but on the sabbath it shall be opened, and in the day of the new moon it shall be opened." 2360, "And Jesus going up to Jerusalem took the twelve disciples apart in the way, and said unto them," 3950, "But as touching the resurrection of the dead, have ye not read that which was spoken unto you by God, saying," 6880, "And, behold, the veil of the temple was rent in twain from the top to the bottom; and the earth did quake, and the rocks rent;" 9920, "Yet ye say, The way of the Lord is not equal. O ye house of Israel, I will judge you every one after his ways." 2140, "But he that is greatest among you shall be your servant." 18100, "But he answered and said, It is not meet to take the children's bread, and to cast it to dogs." 6950, "Where is the dwelling of the lions, and the feedingplace of the young lions, where the lion, even the old lion, walked, and the lion's whelp, and none made them afraid?" 1700, "I will also water with thy blood the land wherein thou swimmest, even to the mountains; and the rivers shall be full of thee." 1660, "And I will cut off witchcrafts out of thine hand; and thou shalt have no more soothsayers:" 2390, "And Hamath also shall border thereby; Tyrus, and Zidon, though it be very wise." 2000, "Ye looked for much, and, lo, it came to little; and when ye brought it home, I did blow upon it. Why? saith the LORD of hosts. Because of mine house that is waste, and ye run every man unto his own house." 2570, "They return, but not to the most High: they are like a deceitful bow: their princes shall fall by the sword for the rage of their tongue: this shall be their derision in the land of Egypt." 2180, "Thou blind Pharisee, cleanse first that which is within the cup and platter, that the outside of them may be clean also." 5470, "Neither their silver nor their gold shall be able to deliver them in the day of the LORD'S wrath; but the whole land shall be devoured by the fire of his jealousy: for he shall make even a speedy riddance of all them that dwell in the land." 3270, "Then understood they how that he bade them not beware of the leaven of bread, but of the doctrine of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees." 4720, "And from the days of John the Baptist until now the kingdom of heaven suffereth violence, and the violent take it by force." 8940, "Draw thee waters for the siege, fortify thy strong holds: go into clay, and tread the morter, make strong the brickkiln." 1960, "And the multitude rebuked them, because they should hold their peace: but they cried the more, saying, Have mercy on us, O Lord, thou Son of David." 2630, "And so shall be the plague of the horse, of the mule, of the camel, and of the ass, and of all the beasts that shall be in these tents, as this plague." 2340, "But I had pity for mine holy name, which the house of Israel had profaned among the heathen, whither they went." 2210, "And he shall plant the tabernacles of his palace between the seas in the glorious holy mountain; yet he shall come to his end, and none shall help him." 3940, "Ye eat the fat, and ye clothe you with the wool, ye kill them that are fed: but ye feed not the flock." 2760, "And when they were come into the ship, the wind ceased." 9690, "And a certain scribe came, and said unto him, Master, I will follow thee whithersoever thou goest." 3320, "Now learn a parable of the fig tree; When his branch is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, ye know that summer is nigh:" 13700, "And he saith unto them, Ye shall drink indeed of my cup, and be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with: but to sit on my right hand, and on my left, is not mine to give, but it shall be given to them for whom it is prepared of my Father." 3900, "They have spoken words, swearing falsely in making a covenant: thus judgment springeth up as hemlock in the furrows of the field." 2030, "Now when the centurion, and they that were with him, watching Jesus, saw the earthquake, and those things that were done, they feared greatly, saying, Truly this was the Son of God." 5600, "And Jesus answered and said unto them, Elias truly shall first come, and restore all things." 4910, "Now also many nations are gathered against thee, that say, Let her be defiled, and let our eye look upon Zion." 2000, "And I will lay thy flesh upon the mountains, and fill the valleys with thy height." 1710, "And it came to pass in the twelfth year of our captivity, in the tenth month, in the fifth day of the month, that one that had escaped out of Jerusalem came unto me, saying, The city is smitten." 2030, "And gave them for the potter's field, as the Lord appointed me." 4030, "The noise of a whip, and the noise of the rattling of the wheels, and of the pransing horses, and of the jumping chariots." 2140, "Now in the morning as he returned into the city, he hungered." 4010, "Then began he to curse and to swear, saying, I know not the man. And immediately the cock crew." 4860, "And it shall come to pass in the day of the LORD'S sacrifice, that I will punish the princes, and the king's children, and all such as are clothed with strange apparel." 2480, "That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet, saying, Himself took our infirmities, and bare our sicknesses." 5630, "And it came to pass, when Jesus had made an end of commanding his twelve disciples, he departed thence to teach and to preach in their cities." 3050, "Not for your sakes do I this, saith the Lord GOD, be it known unto you: be ashamed and confounded for your own ways, O house of Israel." 2190, "Behold, I am pressed under you, as a cart is pressed that is full of sheaves." 2000, "Then shall the seers be ashamed, and the diviners confounded: yea, they shall all cover their lips; for there is no answer of God." 2630, "And as Jesus passed forth from thence, he saw a man, named Matthew, sitting at the receipt of custom: and he saith unto him, Follow me. And he arose, and followed him." 4020, "But unto you that fear my name shall the Sun of righteousness arise with healing in his wings; and ye shall go forth, and grow up as calves of the stall." 7910, "Woe to him that coveteth an evil covetousness to his house, that he may set his nest on high, that he may be delivered from the power of evil!" 2250, "And Jesus said unto them, See ye not all these things? verily I say unto you, There shall not be left here one stone upon another, that shall not be thrown down." 7950, "But the miry places thereof and the marishes thereof shall not be healed; they shall be given to salt." 2620, "And such as do wickedly against the covenant shall he corrupt by flatteries: but the people that do know their God shall be strong, and do exploits." 4120, "But Jesus beheld them, and said unto them, With men this is impossible; but with God all things are possible." 10700, "But know this, that if the goodman of the house had known in what watch the thief would come, he would have watched, and would not have suffered his house to be broken up." 11200, "And the disciples went, and did as Jesus commanded them," 9710, "After that he brought me toward the south, and behold a gate toward the south: and he measured the posts thereof and the arches thereof according to these measures." 243, "And they shall not sell of it, neither exchange, nor alienate the firstfruits of the land: for it is holy unto the LORD." 1810, "But they made light of it, and went their ways, one to his farm, another to his merchandise:" 5680, "Then I turned, and lifted up mine eyes, and looked, and behold a flying roll." 3170, "And there came a voice from heaven, saying, Thou art my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased." 9020, "And he healed many that were sick of divers diseases, and cast out many devils; and suffered not the devils to speak, because they knew him." 3490, "The pride of thine heart hath deceived thee, thou that dwellest in the clefts of the rock, whose habitation is high; that saith in his heart, Who shall bring me down to the ground?" 3200, "Behold, I have made thee small among the heathen: thou art greatly despised." 2430, "And the high priest arose, and said unto him, Answerest thou nothing? what is it which these witness against thee?" 3250, "And the captivity of this host of the children of Israel shall possess that of the Canaanites, even unto Zarephath; and the captivity of Jerusalem, which is in Sepharad, shall possess the cities of the south." 2300, "And his disciples asked him, saying, Why then say the scribes that Elias must first come?" 4680, "In that night was Belshazzar the king of the Chaldeans slain." 4060, "Then shall his mind change, and he shall pass over, and offend, imputing this his power unto his god." 2300, "Thus saith the Lord GOD; If the prince give a gift unto any of his sons, the inheritance thereof shall be his sons'; it shall be their possession by inheritance." 1590, "Thy bow was made quite naked, according to the oaths of the tribes, even thy word. Selah. Thou didst cleave the earth with rivers." 2170, "His body also was like the beryl, and his face as the appearance of lightning, and his eyes as lamps of fire, and his arms and his feet like in colour to polished brass, and the voice of his words like the voice of a multitude." 2970, "I did know thee in the wilderness, in the land of great drought." 2290, "Have ye offered unto me sacrifices and offerings in the wilderness forty years, O house of Israel?" 1990, "And I will send a fire on Magog, and among them that dwell carelessly in the isles: and they shall know that I am the LORD." 3440, "For all the prophets and the law prophesied until John." 16400, "And by the border of Benjamin, from the east side unto the west side, Simeon shall have a portion." 1770, "Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Judah, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they have despised the law of the LORD, and have not kept his commandments, and their lies caused them to err, after the which their fathers have walked:" 2040, "Then I heard one saint speaking, and another saint said unto that certain saint which spake, How long shall be the vision concerning the daily sacrifice, and the transgression of desolation, to give both the sanctuary and the host to be trodden under foot?" 3270, "Therefore I say unto you, Take no thought for your life, what ye shall eat, or what ye shall drink; nor yet for your body, what ye shall put on. Is not the life more than meat, and the body than raiment?" 11800, "Afterward he brought me to the gate, even the gate that looketh toward the east:" 2520, "And thou shalt say, I will go up to the land of unwalled villages; I will go to them that are at rest, that dwell safely, all of them dwelling without walls, and having neither bars nor gates," 4120, "And his head was brought in a charger, and given to the damsel: and she brought it to her mother." 3250, "Then said he unto me, Prophesy unto the wind, prophesy, son of man, and say to the wind, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Come from the four winds, O breath, and breathe upon these slain, that they may live." 4900, "And he saith unto them, Why are ye fearful, O ye of little faith? Then he arose, and rebuked the winds and the sea; and there was a great calm." 5390, "Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them: for this is the law and the prophets." 19200, "The lion hath roared, who will not fear? the Lord GOD hath spoken, who can but prophesy?" 16700, "But if the wicked turn from his wickedness, and do that which is lawful and right, he shall live thereby." 2740, "Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; An adversary there shall be even round about the land; and he shall bring down thy strength from thee, and thy palaces shall be spoiled." 2320, "Because thou hast spoiled many nations, all the remnant of the people shall spoil thee; because of men's blood, and for the violence of the land, of the city, and of all that dwell therein." 2210, "For then shall be great tribulation, such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be." 23700, "And they that had laid hold on Jesus led him away to Caiaphas the high priest, where the scribes and the elders were assembled." 4350, "And being warned of God in a dream that they should not return to Herod, they departed into their own country another way." 6420, "For John came neither eating nor drinking, and they say, He hath a devil." 4020, "Thy calf, O Samaria, hath cast thee off; mine anger is kindled against them: how long will it be ere they attain to innocency?" 1650, "And when he was come into his own country, he taught them in their synagogue, insomuch that they were astonished, and said, Whence hath this man this wisdom, and these mighty works?" 3950, "For many are called, but few are chosen." 59900, "Thou sawest till that a stone was cut out without hands, which smote the image upon his feet that were of iron and clay, and brake them to pieces." 4870, "And there were windows in it and in the arches thereof round about, like those windows: the length was fifty cubits, and the breadth five and twenty cubits." 1970, "And, behold, two blind men sitting by the way side, when they heard that Jesus passed by, cried out, saying, Have mercy on us, O Lord, thou Son of David." 3050, "And it was according to the appearance of the vision which I saw, even according to the vision that I saw when I came to destroy the city: and the visions were like the vision that I saw by the river Chebar; and I fell upon my face." 2520, "And they caught him, and cast him out of the vineyard, and slew him." 5890, "But it displeased Jonah exceedingly, and he was very angry." 2770, "And if the house be worthy, let your peace come upon it: but if it be not worthy, let your peace return to you." 4500, "And in the days of these kings shall the God of heaven set up a kingdom, which shall never be destroyed: and the kingdom shall not be left to other people, but it shall break in pieces and consume all these kingdoms, and it shall stand for ever." 8350, "And as they went to tell his disciples, behold, Jesus met them, saying, All hail. And they came and held him by the feet, and worshipped him." 5330, "For thus Amos saith, Jeroboam shall die by the sword, and Israel shall surely be led away captive out of their own land." 1660, "Then Nebuchadnezzar the king was astonied, and rose up in haste, and spake, and said unto his counsellors, Did not we cast three men bound into the midst of the fire? They answered and said unto the king, True, O king." 2270, "And he prayed unto the LORD, and said, I pray thee, O LORD, was not this my saying, when I was yet in my country? Therefore I fled before unto Tarshish: for I knew that thou art a gracious God, and merciful, slow to anger, and of great kindness, and repentest thee of the evil." 2610, "And they reasoned among themselves, saying, It is because we have taken no bread." 4180, "Or else how can one enter into a strong man's house, and spoil his goods, except he first bind the strong man? and then he will spoil his house." 5280, "Jesus said unto him, Verily I say unto thee, That this night, before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice." 7150, "For thus saith the LORD of hosts; As I thought to punish you, when your fathers provoked me to wrath, saith the LORD of hosts, and I repented not:" 1700, "Four tables were on this side, and four tables on that side, by the side of the gate; eight tables, whereupon they slew their sacrifices." 238, "Thus saith the Lord GOD unto these bones; Behold, I will cause breath to enter into you, and ye shall live:" 4200, "Therefore they shall be as the morning cloud, and as the early dew that passeth away, as the chaff that is driven with the whirlwind out of the floor, and as the smoke out of the chimney." 2360, "And the prince of the eunuchs said unto Daniel, I fear my lord the king, who hath appointed your meat and your drink: for why should he see your faces worse liking than the children which are of your sort? then shall ye make me endanger my head to the king." 2660, "For thou hadst cast me into the deep, in the midst of the seas; and the floods compassed me about: all thy billows and thy waves passed over me." 2490, "All the presidents of the kingdom, the governors, and the princes, the counsellors, and the captains, have consulted together to establish a royal statute, and to make a firm decree, that whosoever shall ask a petition of any God or man for thirty days, save of thee, O king, he shall be cast into the den of lions." 2220, "Peter saith unto him, Of strangers. Jesus saith unto him, Then are the children free." 4050, "Therefore I will make Samaria as an heap of the field, and as plantings of a vineyard: and I will pour down the stones thereof into the valley, and I will discover the foundations thereof." 1940, "Daniel spake and said, I saw in my vision by night, and, behold, the four winds of the heaven strove upon the great sea." 3720, "Though they dig into hell, thence shall mine hand take them; though they climb up to heaven, thence will I bring them down:" 2450, "And thou shalt take of the blood thereof, and put it on the four horns of it, and on the four corners of the settle, and upon the border round about: thus shalt thou cleanse and purge it." 2220, "Give to him that asketh thee, and from him that would borrow of thee turn not thou away." 9340, "And when he shall stand up, his kingdom shall be broken, and shall be divided toward the four winds of heaven; and not to his posterity, nor according to his dominion which he ruled: for his kingdom shall be plucked up, even for others beside those." 2270, "Verily I say unto you, It shall be more tolerable for the land of Sodom and Gomorrha in the day of judgment, than for that city." 5730, "And straightway he called them: and they left their father Zebedee in the ship with the hired servants, and went after him." 3030, "This is the interpretation of the thing: MENE; God hath numbered thy kingdom, and finished it." 3810, "When Jesus came into the coasts of Caesarea Philippi, he asked his disciples, saying, Whom do men say that I the Son of man am?" 7380, "And, behold, they brought to him a man sick of the palsy, lying on a bed: and Jesus seeing their faith said unto the sick of the palsy; Son, be of good cheer; thy sins be forgiven thee." 4460, "Feed thy people with thy rod, the flock of thine heritage, which dwell solitarily in the wood, in the midst of Carmel: let them feed in Bashan and Gilead, as in the days of old." 2970, "And he sent away the multitude, and took ship, and came into the coasts of Magdala." 2840, "Because they ministered unto them before their idols, and caused the house of Israel to fall into iniquity; therefore have I lifted up mine hand against them, saith the Lord GOD, and they shall bear their iniquity." 1670, "How is it that ye do not understand that I spake it not to you concerning bread, that ye should beware of the leaven of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees?" 3960, "And if the family of Egypt go not up, and come not, that have no rain; there shall be the plague, wherewith the LORD will smite the heathen that come not up to keep the feast of tabernacles." 4270, "Then will I leave thee upon the land, I will cast thee forth upon the open field, and will cause all the fowls of the heaven to remain upon thee, and I will fill the beasts of the whole earth with thee." 1650, "Are not two sparrows sold for a farthing? and one of them shall not fall on the ground without your Father." 13500, "Again he said unto me, Prophesy upon these bones, and say unto them, O ye dry bones, hear the word of the LORD." 4280, "They are terrible and dreadful: their judgment and their dignity shall proceed of themselves." 2500, "Thus saith the LORD my God; Feed the flock of the slaughter;" 5180, "And if Satan cast out Satan, he is divided against himself; how shall then his kingdom stand?" 5320, "Thus saith the LORD; I am returned unto Zion, and will dwell in the midst of Jerusalem: and Jerusalem shall be called a city of truth; and the mountain of the LORD of hosts the holy mountain." 2690, "But ye gave the Nazarites wine to drink; and commanded the prophets, saying, Prophesy not." 2220, "These are the things that ye shall do; Speak ye every man the truth to his neighbour; execute the judgment of truth and peace in your gates:" 2830, "The disciple is not above his master, nor the servant above his lord." 7940, "The burden of Nineveh. The book of the vision of Nahum the Elkoshite." 3190, "And many women were there beholding afar off, which followed Jesus from Galilee, ministering unto him:" 3790, "I saw by night, and behold a man riding upon a red horse, and he stood among the myrtle trees that were in the bottom; and behind him were there red horses, speckled, and white." 2370, "And if ye salute your brethren only, what do ye more than others? do not even the publicans so?" 9770, "And the LORD said unto me, Son of man, mark well, and behold with thine eyes, and hear with thine ears all that I say unto thee concerning all the ordinances of the house of the LORD, and all the laws thereof; and mark well the entering in of the house, with every going forth of the sanctuary." 1720, "But last of all he sent unto them his son, saying, They will reverence my son." 4160, "Sanctify ye a fast, call a solemn assembly, gather the elders and all the inhabitants of the land into the house of the LORD your God, and cry unto the LORD," 2670, "And he said unto me, To build it an house in the land of Shinar: and it shall be established, and set there upon her own base." 2260, "For this people's heart is waxed gross, and their ears are dull of hearing, and their eyes they have closed; lest at any time they should see with their eyes, and hear with their ears, and should understand with their heart, and should be converted, and I should heal them." 9200, "And they have not cried unto me with their heart, when they howled upon their beds: they assemble themselves for corn and wine, and they rebel against me." 1950, "And by the border of Gad, at the south side southward, the border shall be even from Tamar unto the waters of strife in Kadesh, and to the river toward the great sea." 1870, "Arise, go to Nineveh, that great city, and cry against it; for their wickedness is come up before me." 4010, "In the four and twentieth day of the ninth month, in the second year of Darius, came the word of the LORD by Haggai the prophet, saying," 2750, "Be in pain, and labour to bring forth, O daughter of Zion, like a woman in travail: for now shalt thou go forth out of the city, and thou shalt dwell in the field, and thou shalt go even to Babylon; there shalt thou be delivered; there the LORD shall redeem thee from the hand of thine enemies." 4080, "Now Peter sat without in the palace: and a damsel came unto him, saying, Thou also wast with Jesus of Galilee." 3330, "And it shall come to pass in that day, that I will give unto Gog a place there of graves in Israel, the valley of the passengers on the east of the sea: and it shall stop the noses of the passengers: and there shall they bury Gog and all his multitude: and they shall call it The valley of Hamongog." 2230, "And by the border of Naphtali, from the east side unto the west side, a portion for Manasseh." 1780, "And at the time of the end shall the king of the south push at him: and the king of the north shall come against him like a whirlwind, with chariots, and with horsemen, and with many ships; and he shall enter into the countries, and shall overflow and pass over." 3860, "For it is not ye that speak, but the Spirit of your Father which speaketh in you." 8880, "And sent forth his servants to call them that were bidden to the wedding: and they would not come." 7640, "Thus saith the Lord GOD; When the whole earth rejoiceth, I will make thee desolate." 1650, "Then said he unto me, Fear not, Daniel: for from the first day that thou didst set thine heart to understand, and to chasten thyself before thy God, thy words were heard, and I am come for thy words." 3570, "And the breadth of the door was ten cubits; and the sides of the door were five cubits on the one side, and five cubits on the other side: and he measured the length thereof, forty cubits: and the breadth, twenty cubits." 1970, "Therefore thus saith the LORD; I am returned to Jerusalem with mercies: my house shall be built in it, saith the LORD of hosts, and a line shall be stretched forth upon Jerusalem." 2160, "Ye have plowed wickedness, ye have reaped iniquity; ye have eaten the fruit of lies: because thou didst trust in thy way, in the multitude of thy mighty men." 2280, "And thou shalt say to the rebellious, even to the house of Israel, Thus saith the Lord GOD; O ye house of Israel, let it suffice you of all your abominations," 1530, "And ye shall dwell in the land that I gave to your fathers; and ye shall be my people, and I will be your God." 9150, "Israel is swallowed up: now shall they be among the Gentiles as a vessel wherein is no pleasure." 1950, "And the remnant of Jacob shall be among the Gentiles in the midst of many people as a lion among the beasts of the forest, as a young lion among the flocks of sheep: who, if he go through, both treadeth down, and teareth in pieces, and none can deliver." 2490, "Even so, Father: for so it seemed good in thy sight." 19100, "But he answered and said unto him that told him, Who is my mother? and who are my brethren?" 13300, "The princes of Judah were like them that remove the bound: therefore I will pour out my wrath upon them like water." 1740, "Consider now from this day and upward, from the four and twentieth day of the ninth month, even from the day that the foundation of the LORD'S temple was laid, consider it." 2240, "Thus saith the Lord GOD; Art thou he of whom I have spoken in old time by my servants the prophets of Israel, which prophesied in those days many years that I would bring thee against them?" 2400, "He saith unto him, Which? Jesus said, Thou shalt do no murder, Thou shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness," 5860, "But, behold, I will raise up against you a nation, O house of Israel, saith the LORD the God of hosts; and they shall afflict you from the entering in of Hemath unto the river of the wilderness." 1580, "Then said I, O Lord GOD, cease, I beseech thee: by whom shall Jacob arise? for he is small." 1910, "And when ye come into an house, salute it." 3990, "What profiteth the graven image that the maker thereof hath graven it; the molten image, and a teacher of lies, that the maker of his work trusteth therein, to make dumb idols?" 3010, "And when they were come to the multitude, there came to him a certain man, kneeling down to him, and saying," 4310, "It is for the prince; the prince, he shall sit in it to eat bread before the LORD; he shall enter by the way of the porch of that gate, and shall go out by the way of the same." 1700, "In that day, saith the LORD, will I assemble her that halteth, and I will gather her that is driven out, and her that I have afflicted;" 2470, "But when the people of the land shall come before the LORD in the solemn feasts, he that entereth in by the way of the north gate to worship shall go out by the way of the south gate; and he that entereth by the way of the south gate shall go forth by the way of the north gate: he shall not return by the way of the gate whereby he came in, but shall go forth over against it." 235, "And the gate of the outward court that looked toward the north, he measured the length thereof, and the breadth thereof." 236, "My God hath sent his angel, and hath shut the lions' mouths, that they have not hurt me: forasmuch as before him innocency was found in me; and also before thee, O king, have I done no hurt." 2920, "And he said unto them, Go. And when they were come out, they went into the herd of swine: and, behold, the whole herd of swine ran violently down a steep place into the sea, and perished in the waters." 3770, "The Lord GOD hath sworn by his holiness, that, lo, the days shall come upon you, that he will take you away with hooks, and your posterity with fishhooks." 2030, "A bruised reed shall he not break, and smoking flax shall he not quench, till he send forth judgment unto victory." 5640, "Awake, ye drunkards, and weep; and howl, all ye drinkers of wine, because of the new wine; for it is cut off from your mouth." 2770, "Then he measured the breadth from the forefront of the lower gate unto the forefront of the inner court without, an hundred cubits eastward and northward." 235, "In the first year of his reign I Daniel understood by books the number of the years, whereof the word of the LORD came to Jeremiah the prophet, that he would accomplish seventy years in the desolations of Jerusalem." 3320, "Then said he unto them, Therefore every scribe which is instructed unto the kingdom of heaven is like unto a man that is an householder, which bringeth forth out of his treasure things new and old." 4080, "Then said Jesus unto his disciples, If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me." 14600, "Then king Darius wrote unto all people, nations, and languages, that dwell in all the earth; Peace be multiplied unto you." 2180, "And I will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth, blood, and fire, and pillars of smoke." 7710, "For whosoever will save his life shall lose it: and whosoever will lose his life for my sake shall find it." 16300, "And Jesus rebuked the devil; and he departed out of him: and the child was cured from that very hour." 4760, "Thou, O king, art a king of kings: for the God of heaven hath given thee a kingdom, power, and strength, and glory." 4260, "And behold a wall on the outside of the house round about, and in the man's hand a measuring reed of six cubits long by the cubit and an hand breadth: so he measured the breadth of the building, one reed; and the height, one reed." 1850, "But if we shall say, Of men; we fear the people; for all hold John as a prophet." 3280, "Saying, Sir, we remember that that deceiver said, while he was yet alive, After three days I will rise again." 4910, "And saying, Repent ye: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand." 18000, "And thou shalt come from thy place out of the north parts, thou, and many people with thee, all of them riding upon horses, a great company, and a mighty army:" 2750, "Then the king Nebuchadnezzar fell upon his face, and worshipped Daniel, and commanded that they should offer an oblation and sweet odours unto him." 2300, "And I that am the LORD thy God from the land of Egypt will yet make thee to dwell in tabernacles, as in the days of the solemn feast." 2220, "And the desolate land shall be tilled, whereas it lay desolate in the sight of all that passed by." 2290, "Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that the plowman shall overtake the reaper, and the treader of grapes him that soweth seed; and the mountains shall drop sweet wine, and all the hills shall melt." 2740, "And the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself." 28500, "For she said within herself, If I may but touch his garment, I shall be whole." 5420, "And a stone was brought, and laid upon the mouth of the den; and the king sealed it with his own signet, and with the signet of his lords; that the purpose might not be changed concerning Daniel." 2360, "Is it time for you, O ye, to dwell in your cieled houses, and this house lie waste?" 2490, "And whosoever speaketh a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world, neither in the world to come." 8790, "And now, I pray you, beseech God that he will be gracious unto us: this hath been by your means: will he regard your persons? saith the LORD of hosts." 1880, "O LORD, to thee will I cry: for the fire hath devoured the pastures of the wilderness, and the flame hath burned all the trees of the field." 2120, "He that findeth his life shall lose it: and he that loseth his life for my sake shall find it." 10900, "Saying, The scribes and the Pharisees sit in Moses' seat:" 9780, "The burden of the word of the LORD to Israel by Malachi." 8490, "And it was broken in that day: and so the poor of the flock that waited upon me knew that it was the word of the LORD." 2140, "And rend your heart, and not your garments, and turn unto the LORD your God: for he is gracious and merciful, slow to anger, and of great kindness, and repenteth him of the evil." 5670, "Awake, O sword, against my shepherd, and against the man that is my fellow, saith the LORD of hosts: smite the shepherd, and the sheep shall be scattered: and I will turn mine hand upon the little ones." 2890, "And at that time shall Michael stand up, the great prince which standeth for the children of thy people: and there shall be a time of trouble, such as never was since there was a nation even to that same time: and at that time thy people shall be delivered, every one that shall be found written in the book." 7190, "And immediately Jesus stretched forth his hand, and caught him, and said unto him, O thou of little faith, wherefore didst thou doubt?" 6990, "There are certain Jews whom thou hast set over the affairs of the province of Babylon, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego; these men, O king, have not regarded thee: they serve not thy gods, nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up." 2440, "Neither shall one thrust another; they shall walk every one in his path: and when they fall upon the sword, they shall not be wounded." 3020, "And whoso falleth not down and worshippeth shall the same hour be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace." 2980, "And ye shall eat fat till ye be full, and drink blood till ye be drunken, of my sacrifice which I have sacrificed for you." 2720, "Therefore thou shalt have none that shall cast a cord by lot in the congregation of the LORD." 1610, "And now also the axe is laid unto the root of the trees: therefore every tree which bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire." 6020, "And the five and twenty thousand of length, and the ten thousand of breadth, shall also the Levites, the ministers of the house, have for themselves, for a possession for twenty chambers." 1430, "In that day shall the fair virgins and young men faint for thirst." 2460, "And he said unto her, What wilt thou? She saith unto him, Grant that these my two sons may sit, the one on thy right hand, and the other on the left, in thy kingdom." 3460, "And every little chamber was one reed long, and one reed broad; and between the little chambers were five cubits; and the threshold of the gate by the porch of the gate within was one reed." 2000, "As for these four children, God gave them knowledge and skill in all learning and wisdom: and Daniel had understanding in all visions and dreams." 3520, "Yet heard I the voice of his words: and when I heard the voice of his words, then was I in a deep sleep on my face, and my face toward the ground." 2430, "Son of man, speak to the children of thy people, and say unto them, When I bring the sword upon a land, if the people of the land take a man of their coasts, and set him for their watchman:" 7450, "But pray ye that your flight be not in the winter, neither on the sabbath day:" 11100, "But many that are first shall be last; and the last shall be first." 10200, "They take up all of them with the angle, they catch them in their net, and gather them in their drag: therefore they rejoice and are glad." 2360, "And they went into Capernaum; and straightway on the sabbath day he entered into the synagogue, and taught." 3970, "On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets." 36700, "And many nations shall be joined to the LORD in that day, and shall be my people: and I will dwell in the midst of thee, and thou shalt know that the LORD of hosts hath sent me unto thee." 2880, "Judge not, that ye be not judged." 60600, "The LORD of hosts shall defend them; and they shall devour, and subdue with sling stones; and they shall drink, and make a noise as through wine; and they shall be filled like bowls, and as the corners of the altar." 1930, "And also upon the servants and upon the handmaids in those days will I pour out my spirit." 9170, "And they did all eat, and were filled: and they took up of the fragments that remained twelve baskets full." 3650, "Proclaim ye this among the Gentiles; Prepare war, wake up the mighty men, let all the men of war draw near; let them come up:" 2960, "The seed is rotten under their clods, the garners are laid desolate, the barns are broken down; for the corn is withered." 2540, "And the king communed with them; and among them all was found none like Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah: therefore stood they before the king." 2650, "So Jonah arose, and went unto Nineveh, according to the word of the LORD. Now Nineveh was an exceeding great city of three days' journey." 2860, "And in all vineyards shall be wailing: for I will pass through thee, saith the LORD." 2050, "And shall begin to smite his fellowservants, and to eat and drink with the drunken;" 8680, "I smote you with blasting and with mildew and with hail in all the labours of your hands; yet ye turned not to me, saith the LORD." 2010, "When the Son of man shall come in his glory, and all the holy angels with him, then shall he sit upon the throne of his glory:" 20100, "So that they shall take no wood out of the field, neither cut down any out of the forests; for they shall burn the weapons with fire: and they shall spoil those that spoiled them, and rob those that robbed them, saith the Lord GOD." 2190, "And in all matters of wisdom and understanding, that the king enquired of them, he found them ten times better than all the magicians and astrologers that were in all his realm." 2160, "Therefore in the resurrection whose wife shall she be of the seven? for they all had her." 4360, "And when they saw him, they worshipped him: but some doubted." 7520, "When any one heareth the word of the kingdom, and understandeth it not, then cometh the wicked one, and catcheth away that which was sown in his heart. This is he which received seed by the way side." 5680, "Ephraim, he hath mixed himself among the people; Ephraim is a cake not turned." 2370, "O generation of vipers, how can ye, being evil, speak good things? for out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh." 7690, "His countenance was like lightning, and his raiment white as snow:" 9230, "That day is a day of wrath, a day of trouble and distress, a day of wasteness and desolation, a day of darkness and gloominess, a day of clouds and thick darkness," 3950, "But I scattered them with a whirlwind among all the nations whom they knew not. Thus the land was desolate after them, that no man passed through nor returned: for they laid the pleasant land desolate." 2140, "Then said he unto me, These are the places of them that boil, where the ministers of the house shall boil the sacrifice of the people." 249, "Afterward he measured a thousand; and it was a river that I could not pass over: for the waters were risen, waters to swim in, a river that could not be passed over." 2590, "For before these days there was no hire for man, nor any hire for beast; neither was there any peace to him that went out or came in because of the affliction: for I set all men every one against his neighbour." 1730, "And the fourth kingdom shall be strong as iron: forasmuch as iron breaketh in pieces and subdueth all things: and as iron that breaketh all these, shall it break in pieces and bruise." 4160, "And so thou shalt do the seventh day of the month for every one that erreth, and for him that is simple: so shall ye reconcile the house." 1590, "And he measured the length of the building over against the separate place which was behind it, and the galleries thereof on the one side and on the other side, an hundred cubits, with the inner temple, and the porches of the court;" 236, "Therefore, behold, I will hedge up thy way with thorns, and make a wall, that she shall not find her paths." 2130, "Then came she and worshipped him, saying, Lord, help me." 6770, "So will I make my holy name known in the midst of my people Israel; and I will not let them pollute my holy name any more: and the heathen shall know that I am the LORD, the Holy One in Israel." 3090, "It pleased Darius to set over the kingdom an hundred and twenty princes, which should be over the whole kingdom;" 2720, "And it shall come to pass in that day, that a great tumult from the LORD shall be among them; and they shall lay hold every one on the hand of his neighbour, and his hand shall rise up against the hand of his neighbour." 2710, "Then they that were in the ship came and worshipped him, saying, Of a truth thou art the Son of God." 4870, "And whosoever shall not receive you, nor hear your words, when ye depart out of that house or city, shake off the dust of your feet." 7000, "I have therefore delivered him into the hand of the mighty one of the heathen; he shall surely deal with him: I have driven him out for his wickedness." 1770, "Will a lion roar in the forest, when he hath no prey? will a young lion cry out of his den, if he have taken nothing?" 2180, "I considered the horns, and, behold, there came up among them another little horn, before whom there were three of the first horns plucked up by the roots: and, behold, in this horn were eyes like the eyes of man, and a mouth speaking great things." 5980, "O Lord, according to all thy righteousness, I beseech thee, let thine anger and thy fury be turned away from thy city Jerusalem, thy holy mountain: because for our sins, and for the iniquities of our fathers, Jerusalem and thy people are become a reproach to all that are about us." 2460, "He answered and said unto them, Because it is given unto you to know the mysteries of the kingdom of heaven, but to them it is not given." 18000, "And on the second day thou shalt offer a kid of the goats without blemish for a sin offering; and they shall cleanse the altar, as they did cleanse it with the bullock." 2120, "So I prophesied as he commanded me, and the breath came into them, and they lived, and stood up upon their feet, an exceeding great army." 5490, "And they crucified him, and parted his garments, casting lots: that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet, They parted my garments among them, and upon my vesture did they cast lots." 5790, "For thus saith the Lord GOD; The city that went out by a thousand shall leave an hundred, and that which went forth by an hundred shall leave ten, to the house of Israel." 1840, "Judah hath dealt treacherously, and an abomination is committed in Israel and in Jerusalem; for Judah hath profaned the holiness of the LORD which he loved, and hath married the daughter of a strange god." 2920, "And said, This fellow said, I am able to destroy the temple of God, and to build it in three days." 6190, "For I, saith the LORD, will be unto her a wall of fire round about, and will be the glory in the midst of her." 3550, "I will ransom them from the power of the grave; I will redeem them from death: O death, I will be thy plagues; O grave, I will be thy destruction: repentance shall be hid from mine eyes." 3040, "And, behold, there was lifted up a talent of lead: and this is a woman that sitteth in the midst of the ephah." 2380, "Now when Jesus was born in Bethlehem of Judaea in the days of Herod the king, behold, there came wise men from the east to Jerusalem," 9770, "Whosoever therefore shall break one of these least commandments, and shall teach men so, he shall be called the least in the kingdom of heaven: but whosoever shall do and teach them, the same shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven." 18400, "Take with you words, and turn to the LORD: say unto him, Take away all iniquity, and receive us graciously: so will we render the calves of our lips." 2500, "As the holy flock, as the flock of Jerusalem in her solemn feasts; so shall the waste cities be filled with flocks of men: and they shall know that I am the LORD." 1900, "And, behold, there arose a great tempest in the sea, insomuch that the ship was covered with the waves: but he was asleep." 4070, "And when these days are expired, it shall be, that upon the eighth day, and so forward, the priests shall make your burnt offerings upon the altar, and your peace offerings; and I will accept you, saith the Lord GOD." 1940, "I made the nations to shake at the sound of his fall, when I cast him down to hell with them that descend into the pit: and all the trees of Eden, the choice and best of Lebanon, all that drink water, shall be comforted in the nether parts of the earth." 2570, "Therefore Daniel went in unto Arioch, whom the king had ordained to destroy the wise men of Babylon: he went and said thus unto him; Destroy not the wise men of Babylon: bring me in before the king, and I will shew unto the king the interpretation." 2270, "Then Nebuchadnezzar in his rage and fury commanded to bring Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. Then they brought these men before the king." 2320, "The LORD thy God in the midst of thee is mighty; he will save, he will rejoice over thee with joy; he will rest in his love, he will joy over thee with singing." 6630, "The Pharisees also came unto him, tempting him, and saying unto him, Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife for every cause?" 5730, "If when he seeth the sword come upon the land, he blow the trumpet, and warn the people;" 8200, "For the kingdom of heaven is as a man travelling into a far country, who called his own servants, and delivered unto them his goods." 6910, "Then if any man shall say unto you, Lo, here is Christ, or there; believe it not." 13400, "And within were hooks, an hand broad, fastened round about: and upon the tables was the flesh of the offering." 235, "To take a spoil, and to take a prey; to turn thine hand upon the desolate places that are now inhabited, and upon the people that are gathered out of the nations, which have gotten cattle and goods, that dwell in the midst of the land." 3750, "And when the unclean spirit had torn him, and cried with a loud voice, he came out of him." 3690, "The LORD hath been sore displeased with your fathers." 2600, "And she conceived again, and bare a daughter. And God said unto him, Call her name Loruhamah: for I will no more have mercy upon the house of Israel; but I will utterly take them away." 2390, "Nevertheless the men rowed hard to bring it to the land; but they could not: for the sea wrought, and was tempestuous against them." 2400, "But his sons shall be stirred up, and shall assemble a multitude of great forces: and one shall certainly come, and overflow, and pass through: then shall he return, and be stirred up, even to his fortress." 2050, "Then she that is mine enemy shall see it, and shame shall cover her which said unto me, Where is the LORD thy God? mine eyes shall behold her: now shall she be trodden down as the mire of the streets." 2080, "Thus saith the Lord GOD; In the day that I shall have cleansed you from all your iniquities I will also cause you to dwell in the cities, and the wastes shall be builded." 2120, "Now that being broken, whereas four stood up for it, four kingdoms shall stand up out of the nation, but not in his power." 2730, "And I Daniel alone saw the vision: for the men that were with me saw not the vision; but a great quaking fell upon them, so that they fled to hide themselves." 2450, "Hear ye this, O priests; and hearken, ye house of Israel; and give ye ear, O house of the king; for judgment is toward you, because ye have been a snare on Mizpah, and a net spread upon Tabor." 1760, "And it came to pass, when the sun did arise, that God prepared a vehement east wind; and the sun beat upon the head of Jonah, that he fainted, and wished in himself to die, and said, It is better for me to die than to live." 2410, "Then was fulfilled that which was spoken by Jeremy the prophet, saying," 7470, "And they that had eaten were about five thousand men, beside women and children." 3200, "Thus with your mouth ye have boasted against me, and have multiplied your words against me: I have heard them." 1750, "Wherefore ye be witnesses unto yourselves, that ye are the children of them which killed the prophets." 6100, "When the even was come, they brought unto him many that were possessed with devils: and he cast out the spirits with his word, and healed all that were sick:" 5340, "Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye make clean the outside of the cup and of the platter, but within they are full of extortion and excess." 6400, "And into whatsoever city or town ye shall enter, enquire who in it is worthy; and there abide till ye go thence." 2640, "And when they were come into the house, they saw the young child with Mary his mother, and fell down, and worshipped him: and when they had opened their treasures, they presented unto him gifts; gold, and frankincense, and myrrh." 9210, "Saying, Prophesy unto us, thou Christ, Who is he that smote thee?" 3510, "For thus saith the Lord GOD; The sword of the king of Babylon shall come upon thee." 248, "And he shall stir up his power and his courage against the king of the south with a great army; and the king of the south shall be stirred up to battle with a very great and mighty army; but he shall not stand: for they shall forecast devices against him." 2490, "And the little chambers thereof, and the posts thereof, and the arches thereof, were according to these measures: and there were windows therein and in the arches thereof round about: it was fifty cubits long, and five and twenty cubits broad." 236, "Thou shalt sow, but thou shalt not reap; thou shalt tread the olives, but thou shalt not anoint thee with oil; and sweet wine, but shalt not drink wine." 2070, "And it came to pass, that when Jesus had finished these parables, he departed thence." 3520, "Notwithstanding the land shall be desolate because of them that dwell therein, for the fruit of their doings." 2060, "John did baptize in the wilderness, and preach the baptism of repentance for the remission of sins." 6730, "But when the king heard thereof, he was wroth: and he sent forth his armies, and destroyed those murderers, and burned up their city." 4640, "Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Behold, I will save my people from the east country, and from the west country;" 2070, "And Jesus answered and said unto him, Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona: for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which is in heaven." 10900, "Now the upper chambers were shorter: for the galleries were higher than these, than the lower, and than the middlemost of the building." 1900, "Then commanded Belshazzar, and they clothed Daniel with scarlet, and put a chain of gold about his neck, and made a proclamation concerning him, that he should be the third ruler in the kingdom." 2550, "The sun and moon stood still in their habitation: at the light of thine arrows they went, and at the shining of thy glittering spear." 2290, "I saw the Lord standing upon the altar: and he said, Smite the lintel of the door, that the posts may shake: and cut them in the head, all of them; and I will slay the last of them with the sword: he that fleeth of them shall not flee away, and he that escapeth of them shall not be delivered." 2200, "Thou didst walk through the sea with thine horses, through the heap of great waters." 2020, "And I will make with them a covenant of peace, and will cause the evil beasts to cease out of the land: and they shall dwell safely in the wilderness, and sleep in the woods." 2440, "Then Daniel went to his house, and made the thing known to Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah, his companions:" 2940, "Then was the iron, the clay, the brass, the silver, and the gold, broken to pieces together, and became like the chaff of the summer threshingfloors; and the wind carried them away, that no place was found for them: and the stone that smote the image became a great mountain, and filled the whole earth." 3790, "But Jonah rose up to flee unto Tarshish from the presence of the LORD, and went down to Joppa; and he found a ship going to Tarshish: so he paid the fare thereof, and went down into it, to go with them unto Tarshish from the presence of the LORD." 3050, "And when he would have put him to death, he feared the multitude, because they counted him as a prophet." 3300, "And they shall sever out men of continual employment, passing through the land to bury with the passengers those that remain upon the face of the earth, to cleanse it: after the end of seven months shall they search." 2120, "Then the high priest rent his clothes, saying, He hath spoken blasphemy; what further need have we of witnesses? behold, now ye have heard his blasphemy." 3400, "And, behold, an hand touched me, which set me upon my knees and upon the palms of my hands." 2540, "And knew not until the flood came, and took them all away; so shall also the coming of the Son of man be." 16600, "And it shall come to pass at that time, that I will search Jerusalem with candles, and punish the men that are settled on their lees: that say in their heart, The LORD will not do good, neither will he do evil." 2220, "I will bring them again also out of the land of Egypt, and gather them out of Assyria; and I will bring them into the land of Gilead and Lebanon; and place shall not be found for them." 2080, "Enter ye in at the strait gate: for wide is the gate, and broad is the way, that leadeth to destruction, and many there be which go in thereat:" 22200, "But in his estate shall he honour the God of forces: and a god whom his fathers knew not shall he honour with gold, and silver, and with precious stones, and pleasant things." 3840, "Therefore have I also made you contemptible and base before all the people, according as ye have not kept my ways, but have been partial in the law." 2670, "And by the border of Issachar, from the east side unto the west side, Zebulun a portion." 1700, "But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto you." 47600, "And the rough goat is the king of Grecia: and the great horn that is between his eyes is the first king." 3470, "Also I in the first year of Darius the Mede, even I, stood to confirm and to strengthen him." 2500, "Yet the children of thy people say, The way of the Lord is not equal: but as for them, their way is not equal." 2180, "In the first year of Belshazzar king of Babylon Daniel had a dream and visions of his head upon his bed: then he wrote the dream, and told the sum of the matters." 2970}