{"Then shalt thou prosper, if thou takest heed to fulfil the statutes and judgments which the LORD charged Moses with concerning Israel: be strong, and of good courage; dread not, nor be dismayed." 327, "Of the sons of Uzziel; Michah the first, and Jesiah the second." 120, "Now set your heart and your soul to seek the LORD your God; arise therefore, and build ye the sanctuary of the LORD God, to bring the ark of the covenant of the LORD, and the holy vessels of God, into the house that is to be built to the name of the LORD." 223, "For the tabernacle of the LORD, which Moses made in the wilderness, and the altar of the burnt offering, were at that season in the high place at Gibeon." 2780, "And Eleazar died, and had no sons, but daughters: and their brethren the sons of Kish took them." 1400, "Is not the LORD your God with you? and hath he not given you rest on every side? for he hath given the inhabitants of the land into mine hand; and the land is subdued before the LORD, and before his people." 236, "Both for the shewbread, and for the fine flour for meat offering, and for the unleavened cakes, and for that which is baked in the pan, and for that which is fried, and for all manner of measure and size;" 235, "And David went up at the saying of Gad, which he spake in the name of the LORD." 1730, "The sons of Mushi; Mahli, and Eder, and Jeremoth, three." 1720, "These were the sons of Levi after the house of their fathers; even the chief of the fathers, as they were counted by number of names by their polls, that did the work for the service of the house of the LORD, from the age of twenty years and upward." 165, "And the LORD commanded the angel; and he put up his sword again into the sheath thereof." 3360, "Of the Gershonites were, Laadan, and Shimei." 1430, "Then he called for Solomon his son, and charged him to build an house for the LORD God of Israel." 1900, "Behold, a son shall be born to thee, who shall be a man of rest; and I will give him rest from all his enemies round about: for his name shall be Solomon, and I will give peace and quietness unto Israel in his days." 282, "Then David said to Ornan, Grant me the place of this threshingfloor, that I may build an altar therein unto the LORD: thou shalt grant it me for the full price: that the plague may be stayed from the people." 215, "So when David was old and full of days, he made Solomon his son king over Israel." 2370, "So David gave to Ornan for the place six hundred shekels of gold by weight." 1970, "Also cedar trees in abundance: for the Zidonians and they of Tyre brought much cedar wood to David." 2620, "Moreover four thousand were porters; and four thousand praised the LORD with the instruments which I made, said David, to praise therewith." 1920, "Then David said, This is the house of the LORD God, and this is the altar of the burnt offering for Israel." 3060, "And king David said to Ornan, Nay; but I will verily buy it for the full price: for I will not take that which is thine for the LORD, nor offer burnt offerings without cost." 277, "And David said, Solomon my son is young and tender, and the house that is to be builded for the LORD must be exceeding magnifical, of fame and of glory throughout all countries: I will therefore now make preparation for it. So David prepared abundantly before his death." 181, "But Nadab and Abihu died before their father, and had no children: therefore Eleazar and Ithamar executed the priest's office." 1680, "He shall build an house for my name; and he shall be my son, and I will be his father; and I will establish the throne of his kingdom over Israel for ever." 2730, "And David said to Solomon, My son, as for me, it was in my mind to build an house unto the name of the LORD my God:" 1560, "Of which, twenty and four thousand were to set forward the work of the house of the LORD; and six thousand were officers and judges:" 1780, "And David said unto God, Is it not I that commanded the people to be numbered? even I it is that have sinned and done evil indeed; but as for these sheep, what have they done? let thine hand, I pray thee, O LORD my God, be on me, and on my father's house; but not on thy people, that they should be plagued." 209, "And to stand every morning to thank and praise the LORD, and likewise at even;" 3080, "But the word of the LORD came to me, saying, Thou hast shed blood abundantly, and hast made great wars: thou shalt not build an house unto my name, because thou hast shed much blood upon the earth in my sight." 304, "The sons of Merari; Mahli, and Mushi. The sons of Mahli; Eleazar, and Kish." 1720, "And David built there an altar unto the LORD, and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings, and called upon the LORD; and he answered him from heaven by fire upon the altar of burnt offering." 3780, "And Jahath was the chief, and Zizah the second: but Jeush and Beriah had not many sons; therefore they were in one reckoning, according to their father's house." 1490, "For by the last words of David the Levites were numbered from twenty years old and above:" 1570, "Of the sons of Izhar; Shelomith the chief." 245, "The sons of Kohath; Amram, Izhar, Hebron, and Uzziel, four." 2050, "The sons of Amram; Aaron and Moses: and Aaron was separated, that he should sanctify the most holy things, he and his sons for ever, to burn incense before the LORD, to minister unto him, and to bless in his name for ever." 191, "Because their office was to wait on the sons of Aaron for the service of the house of the LORD, in the courts, and in the chambers, and in the purifying of all holy things, and the work of the service of the house of God;" 205, "And David commanded to gather together the strangers that were in the land of Israel; and he set masons to hew wrought stones to build the house of God." 1900, "Now, my son, the LORD be with thee; and prosper thou, and build the house of the LORD thy God, as he hath said of thee." 3040, "And the sons of Eliezer were, Rehabiah the chief. And Eliezer had none other sons; but the sons of Rehabiah were very many." 250, "But David could not go before it to enquire of God: for he was afraid because of the sword of the angel of the LORD." 1770, "Of the gold, the silver, and the brass, and the iron, there is no number. Arise therefore, and be doing, and the LORD be with thee." 2310, "And also unto the Levites; they shall no more carry the tabernacle, nor any vessels of it for the service thereof." 1510, "Of the sons of Gershom, Shebuel was the chief." 1570, "At that time when David saw that the LORD had answered him in the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite, then he sacrificed there." 2140, "Moreover there are workmen with thee in abundance, hewers and workers of stone and timber, and all manner of cunning men for every manner of work." 2290, "And as David came to Ornan, Ornan looked and saw David, and went out of the threshingfloor, and bowed himself to David with his face to the ground." 2630, "The sons of Laadan; the chief was Jehiel, and Zetham, and Joel, three." 1830, "And that they should keep the charge of the tabernacle of the congregation, and the charge of the holy place, and the charge of the sons of Aaron their brethren, in the service of the house of the LORD." 2390, "The sons of Shimei; Shelomith, and Haziel, and Haran, three. These were the chief of the fathers of Laadan." 1970, "Now, behold, in my trouble I have prepared for the house of the LORD an hundred thousand talents of gold, and a thousand thousand talents of silver; and of brass and iron without weight; for it is in abundance: timber also and stone have I prepared; and thou mayest add thereto." 190, "The sons of Moses were, Gershom, and Eliezer." 2430, "David also commanded all the princes of Israel to help Solomon his son, saying," 2070, "Now concerning Moses the man of God, his sons were named of the tribe of Levi." 2220, "For David said, The LORD God of Israel hath given rest unto his people, that they may dwell in Jerusalem for ever:" 1720, "And David distributed them, both Zadok of the sons of Eleazar, and Ahimelech of the sons of Ithamar, according to their offices in their service." 1660, "And David divided them into courses among the sons of Levi, namely, Gershon, Kohath, and Merari." 2570, "And Ornan said unto David, Take it to thee, and let my lord the king do that which is good in his eyes: lo, I give thee the oxen also for burnt offerings, and the threshing instruments for wood, and the wheat for the meat offering; I give it all." 202, "Now these are the divisions of the sons of Aaron. The sons of Aaron; Nadab, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar." 3030, "And he gathered together all the princes of Israel, with the priests and the Levites." 7900, "And to offer all burnt sacrifices unto the LORD in the sabbaths, in the new moons, and on the set feasts, by number, according to the order commanded unto them, continually before the LORD:" 308, "And the sons of Shimei were, Jahath, Zina, and Jeush, and Beriah. These four were the sons of Shimei." 249, "And Ornan turned back, and saw the angel; and his four sons with him hid themselves. Now Ornan was threshing wheat." 3080, "Then the angel of the LORD commanded Gad to say to David, that David should go up, and set up an altar unto the LORD in the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite." 2670, "Of the sons of Hebron; Jeriah the first, Amariah the second, Jahaziel the third, and Jekameam the fourth." 1760, "Now the Levites were numbered from the age of thirty years and upward: and their number by their polls, man by man, was thirty and eight thousand." 2070, "And David prepared iron in abundance for the nails for the doors of the gates, and for the joinings; and brass in abundance without weight;" 3260, "Only the LORD give thee wisdom and understanding, and give thee charge concerning Israel, that thou mayest keep the law of the LORD thy God." 1830}