{"And he took the calf which they had made, and burnt it in the fire, and ground it to powder, and strawed it upon the water, and made the children of Israel drink of it." 3620, "If thou afflict them in any wise, and they cry at all unto me, I will surely hear their cry;" 2780, "And thou shalt bring his sons, and put coats upon them." 2530, "And Aaron shall bear the names of the children of Israel in the breastplate of judgment upon his heart, when he goeth in unto the holy place, for a memorial before the LORD continually." 2700, "And these are the garments which they shall make; a breastplate, and an ephod, and a robe, and a broidered coat, a mitre, and a girdle: and they shall make holy garments for Aaron thy brother, and his sons, that he may minister unto me in the priest's office." 181, "And the fourth row a beryl, and an onyx, and a jasper: they shall be set in gold in their inclosings." 2600, "And if men strive together, and one smite another with a stone, or with his fist, and he die not, but keepeth his bed:" 2470, "And they shall take gold, and blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine linen." 6530, "And two boards shalt thou make for the corners of the tabernacle in the two sides." 3540, "And the LORD said unto Moses, Whosoever hath sinned against me, him will I blot out of my book." 5530, "Thou shalt not revile the gods, nor curse the ruler of thy people." 3040, "And when Aaron saw it, he built an altar before it; and Aaron made proclamation, and said, To morrow is a feast to the LORD." 2960, "Keeping mercy for thousands, forgiving iniquity and transgression and sin, and that will by no means clear the guilty; visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children, and upon the children's children, unto the third and to the fourth generation." 269, "The owner of the pit shall make it good, and give money unto the owner of them; and the dead beast shall be his." 4280, "I will send my fear before thee, and will destroy all the people to whom thou shalt come, and I will make all thine enemies turn their backs unto thee." 2580, "Thou shalt neither vex a stranger, nor oppress him: for ye were strangers in the land of Egypt." 3150, "And when Moses' father in law saw all that he did to the people, he said, What is this thing that thou doest to the people? why sittest thou thyself alone, and all the people stand by thee from morning unto even?" 196, "And he said unto him, If thy presence go not with me, carry us not up hence." 3420, "It is a sign between me and the children of Israel for ever: for in six days the LORD made heaven and earth, and on the seventh day he rested, and was refreshed." 3660, "And Moses went out to meet his father in law, and did obeisance, and kissed him; and they asked each other of their welfare; and they came into the tent." 2250, "Thou shalt not covet thy neighbour's house, thou shalt not covet thy neighbour's wife, nor his manservant, nor his maidservant, nor his ox, nor his ass, nor any thing that is thy neighbour's." 43200, "And it came to pass on the morrow, that Moses sat to judge the people: and the people stood by Moses from the morning unto the evening." 2920, "And it came to pass on the morrow, that Moses said unto the people, Ye have sinned a great sin: and now I will go up unto the LORD; peradventure I shall make an atonement for your sin." 265, "And they rose up early on the morrow, and offered burnt offerings, and brought peace offerings; and the people sat down to eat and to drink, and rose up to play." 3550, "And he received them at their hand, and fashioned it with a graving tool, after he had made it a molten calf: and they said, These be thy gods, O Israel, which brought thee up out of the land of Egypt." 293, "And they shall make an ark of shittim wood: two cubits and a half shall be the length thereof, and a cubit and a half the breadth thereof, and a cubit and a half the height thereof." 271, "Oil for the light, spices for anointing oil, and for sweet incense," 6170, "The one lamb thou shalt offer in the morning; and the other lamb thou shalt offer at even:" 2940, "And thou shalt make upon the breastplate chains at the ends of wreathen work of pure gold." 2790, "And I will send an angel before thee; and I will drive out the Canaanite, the Amorite, and the Hittite, and the Perizzite, the Hivite, and the Jebusite:" 3750, "And if thou wilt make me an altar of stone, thou shalt not build it of hewn stone: for if thou lift up thy tool upon it, thou hast polluted it." 7060, "And let the priests also, which come near to the LORD, sanctify themselves, lest the LORD break forth upon them." 2820, "And Moses made haste, and bowed his head toward the earth, and worshipped." 4710, "And as for the perfume which thou shalt make, ye shall not make to yourselves according to the composition thereof: it shall be unto thee holy for the LORD." 282, "Yet now, if thou wilt forgive their sin--; and if not, blot me, I pray thee, out of thy book which thou hast written." 4640, "All the pillars round about the court shall be filleted with silver; their hooks shall be of silver, and their sockets of brass." 2410, "Thou shalt not offer the blood of my sacrifice with leavened bread; neither shall the fat of my sacrifice remain until the morning." 2760, "And if a man smite the eye of his servant, or the eye of his maid, that it perish; he shall let him go free for his eye's sake." 3170, "And thou shalt speak unto all that are wise hearted, whom I have filled with the spirit of wisdom, that they may make Aaron's garments to consecrate him, that he may minister unto me in the priest's office." 243, "Then shall an oath of the LORD be between them both, that he hath not put his hand unto his neighbour's goods; and the owner of it shall accept thereof, and he shall not make it good." 238, "Then shalt thou kill the ram, and take of his blood, and put it upon the tip of the right ear of Aaron, and upon the tip of the right ear of his sons, and upon the thumb of their right hand, and upon the great toe of their right foot, and sprinkle the blood upon the altar round about." 192, "And the table and his furniture, and the pure candlestick with all his furniture, and the altar of incense," 3490, "And in the candlestick shall be four bowls made like unto almonds, with their knops and their flowers." 3760, "And likewise for the north side in length there shall be hangings of an hundred cubits long, and his twenty pillars and their twenty sockets of brass; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets of silver." 203, "And it shall be upon Aaron's forehead, that Aaron may bear the iniquity of the holy things, which the children of Israel shall hallow in all their holy gifts; and it shall be always upon his forehead, that they may be accepted before the LORD." 220, "And thou shalt anoint the tabernacle of the congregation therewith, and the ark of the testimony," 2720, "And thou shalt take the atonement money of the children of Israel, and shalt appoint it for the service of the tabernacle of the congregation; that it may be a memorial unto the children of Israel before the LORD, to make an atonement for your souls." 201, "And they shall make the ephod of gold, of blue, and of purple, of scarlet, and fine twined linen, with cunning work." 3270, "And thou shalt put them upon Aaron thy brother, and his sons with him; and shalt anoint them, and consecrate them, and sanctify them, that they may minister unto me in the priest's office." 178, "Six days may work be done; but in the seventh is the sabbath of rest, holy to the LORD: whosoever doeth any work in the sabbath day, he shall surely be put to death." 4530, "And I said unto them, Whosoever hath any gold, let them break it off. So they gave it me: then I cast it into the fire, and there came out this calf." 2200, "And thou shalt take all the fat that covereth the inwards, and the caul that is above the liver, and the two kidneys, and the fat that is upon them, and burn them upon the altar." 2140, "And thou shalt put in the breastplate of judgment the Urim and the Thummim; and they shall be upon Aaron's heart, when he goeth in before the LORD: and Aaron shall bear the judgment of the children of Israel upon his heart before the LORD continually." 210, "And let them make me a sanctuary; that I may dwell among them." 9620, "And thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel, saying, This shall be an holy anointing oil unto me throughout your generations." 2760, "And when the voice of the trumpet sounded long, and waxed louder and louder, Moses spake, and God answered him by a voice." 3320, "Wherefore the children of Israel shall keep the sabbath, to observe the sabbath throughout their generations, for a perpetual covenant." 6120, "He that smiteth a man, so that he die, shall be surely put to death." 4830, "And the LORD said unto Moses, Hew thee two tables of stone like unto the first: and I will write upon these tables the words that were in the first tables, which thou brakest." 2500, "If thou buy an Hebrew servant, six years he shall serve: and in the seventh he shall go out free for nothing." 3450, "Whosoever compoundeth any like it, or whosoever putteth any of it upon a stranger, shall even be cut off from his people." 2850, "And thou shalt take no gift: for the gift blindeth the wise, and perverteth the words of the righteous." 3030, "They have turned aside quickly out of the way which I commanded them: they have made them a molten calf, and have worshipped it, and have sacrificed thereunto, and said, These be thy gods, O Israel, which have brought thee up out of the land of Egypt." 261, "And on the other side shall be hangings fifteen cubits: their pillars three, and their sockets three." 2320, "And thou shalt set upon the table shewbread before me alway." 4560, "And six branches shall come out of the sides of it; three branches of the candlestick out of the one side, and three branches of the candlestick out of the other side:" 2940, "If thou see the ass of him that hateth thee lying under his burden, and wouldest forbear to help him, thou shalt surely help with him." 3160, "And thou shalt embroider the coat of fine linen, and thou shalt make the mitre of fine linen, and thou shalt make the girdle of needlework." 2770, "And there shall be an hole in the top of it, in the midst thereof: it shall have a binding of woven work round about the hole of it, as it were the hole of an habergeon, that it be not rent." 194, "And Moses took half of the blood, and put it in basons; and half of the blood he sprinkled on the altar." 2360, "And thou shalt put the staves into the rings by the sides of the ark, that the ark may be borne with them." 3260, "Thou shalt not commit adultery." 133000, "I will not drive them out from before thee in one year; lest the land become desolate, and the beast of the field multiply against thee." 2990, "And when the people saw that Moses delayed to come down out of the mount, the people gathered themselves together unto Aaron, and said unto him, Up, make us gods, which shall go before us; for as for this Moses, the man that brought us up out of the land of Egypt, we wot not what is become of him." 233, "And if he do not these three unto her, then shall she go out free without money." 3110, "And the second row shall be an emerald, a sapphire, and a diamond." 4040, "And the altar of burnt offering with all his vessels, and the laver and his foot." 2670, "Then his master shall bring him unto the judges; he shall also bring him to the door, or unto the door post; and his master shall bore his ear through with an aul; and he shall serve him for ever." 259, "And he said unto Moses, I thy father in law Jethro am come unto thee, and thy wife, and her two sons with her." 2570, "And Moses wrote all the words of the LORD, and rose up early in the morning, and builded an altar under the hill, and twelve pillars, according to the twelve tribes of Israel." 2820, "And I will dwell among the children of Israel, and will be their God." 30200, "Foursquare it shall be being doubled; a span shall be the length thereof, and a span shall be the breadth thereof." 2490, "Ye shall not make with me gods of silver, neither shall ye make unto you gods of gold." 3830, "And Moses chose able men out of all Israel, and made them heads over the people, rulers of thousands, rulers of hundreds, rulers of fifties, and rulers of tens." 2830, "Thou shalt not take the name of the LORD thy God in vain; for the LORD will not hold him guiltless that taketh his name in vain." 23600, "And he said, Behold, I make a covenant: before all thy people I will do marvels, such as have not been done in all the earth, nor in any nation: and all the people among which thou art shall see the work of the LORD: for it is a terrible thing that I will do with thee." 214, "And take thou unto thee Aaron thy brother, and his sons with him, from among the children of Israel, that he may minister unto me in the priest's office, even Aaron, Nadab and Abihu, Eleazar and Ithamar, Aaron's sons." 172, "And thou shalt take of the blood of the bullock, and put it upon the horns of the altar with thy finger, and pour all the blood beside the bottom of the altar." 2330, "And if a man borrow ought of his neighbour, and it be hurt, or die, the owner thereof being not with it, he shall surely make it good." 2120, "And the people stood afar off, and Moses drew near unto the thick darkness where God was." 4690, "And the table and all his vessels, and the candlestick and his vessels, and the altar of incense," 4470, "And the LORD said unto Moses, I will do this thing also that thou hast spoken: for thou hast found grace in my sight, and I know thee by name." 2690, "And thou shalt make the seven lamps thereof: and they shall light the lamps thereof, that they may give light over against it." 5240, "And Moses told his father in law all that the LORD had done unto Pharaoh and to the Egyptians for Israel's sake, and all the travail that had come upon them by the way, and how the LORD delivered them." 199, "And thou shalt sanctify the breast of the wave offering, and the shoulder of the heave offering, which is waved, and which is heaved up, of the ram of the consecration, even of that which is for Aaron, and of that which is for his sons:" 170, "Neither shalt thou countenance a poor man in his cause." 2530, "Their knops and their branches shall be of the same: all it shall be one beaten work of pure gold." 2830, "And the LORD said unto Moses, Lo, I come unto thee in a thick cloud, that the people may hear when I speak with thee, and believe thee for ever. And Moses told the words of the people unto the LORD." 239, "And thou shalt make unto it a border of an hand breadth round about, and thou shalt make a golden crown to the border thereof round about." 2410, "By little and little I will drive them out from before thee, until thou be increased, and inherit the land." 2820, "And thou shalt take the garments, and put upon Aaron the coat, and the robe of the ephod, and the ephod, and the breastplate, and gird him with the curious girdle of the ephod:" 3620, "And Aaron and his sons thou shalt bring unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and shalt wash them with water." 2370, "And ye shall serve the LORD your God, and he shall bless thy bread, and thy water; and I will take sickness away from the midst of thee." 4340, "Ye have seen what I did unto the Egyptians, and how I bare you on eagles' wings, and brought you unto myself." 5550, "If his master have given him a wife, and she have born him sons or daughters; the wife and her children shall be her master's, and he shall go out by himself." 2540, "And thou shalt make two cherubims of gold, of beaten work shalt thou make them, in the two ends of the mercy seat." 3450, "If he came in by himself, he shall go out by himself: if he were married, then his wife shall go out with him." 4330, "And if a man sell his daughter to be a maidservant, she shall not go out as the menservants do." 4250, "And thou shalt make curtains of goats' hair to be a covering upon the tabernacle: eleven curtains shalt thou make." 3170, "And I will take away mine hand, and thou shalt see my back parts: but my face shall not be seen." 5120, "Behold, I send an Angel before thee, to keep thee in the way, and to bring thee into the place which I have prepared." 5750, "And thou shalt make his pans to receive his ashes, and his shovels, and his basons, and his fleshhooks, and his firepans: all the vessels thereof thou shalt make of brass." 2240, "And no man shall come up with thee, neither let any man be seen throughout all the mount; neither let the flocks nor herds feed before that mount." 2800, "And Jethro rejoiced for all the goodness which the LORD had done to Israel, whom he had delivered out of the hand of the Egyptians." 3080, "And he said unto the people, Be ready against the third day: come not at your wives." 3820, "And thou shalt put them into one basket, and bring them in the basket, with the bullock and the two rams." 2240, "And they shall eat those things wherewith the atonement was made, to consecrate and to sanctify them: but a stranger shall not eat thereof, because they are holy." 2280, "And upon the nobles of the children of Israel he laid not his hand: also they saw God, and did eat and drink." 2750, "And he that stealeth a man, and selleth him, or if he be found in his hand, he shall surely be put to death." 4790, "And thou shalt make ouches of gold;" 2770, "And thou shalt set bounds unto the people round about, saying, Take heed to yourselves, that ye go not up into the mount, or touch the border of it: whosoever toucheth the mount shall be surely put to death:" 2590, "And thou shalt make staves of shittim wood, and overlay them with gold." 4000, "Speak unto the children of Israel, that they bring me an offering: of every man that giveth it willingly with his heart ye shall take my offering." 3160, "Now therefore, if ye will obey my voice indeed, and keep my covenant, then ye shall be a peculiar treasure unto me above all people: for all the earth is mine:" 6030, "And Aaron said, Let not the anger of my lord wax hot: thou knowest the people, that they are set on mischief." 2970, "If a man shall steal an ox, or a sheep, and kill it, or sell it; he shall restore five oxen for an ox, and four sheep for a sheep." 3790, "But if thou shalt indeed obey his voice, and do all that I speak; then I will be an enemy unto thine enemies, and an adversary unto thine adversaries." 4080, "But if a man come presumptuously upon his neighbour, to slay him with guile; thou shalt take him from mine altar, that he may die." 2770, "Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth:" 36400, "In the third month, when the children of Israel were gone forth out of the land of Egypt, the same day came they into the wilderness of Sinai." 4210, "And the staves shall be put into the rings, and the staves shall be upon the two sides of the altar, to bear it." 2070, "Wherefore should the Egyptians speak, and say, For mischief did he bring them out, to slay them in the mountains, and to consume them from the face of the earth? Turn from thy fierce wrath, and repent of this evil against thy people." 262, "And it came to pass, when Moses went out unto the tabernacle, that all the people rose up, and stood every man at his tent door, and looked after Moses, until he was gone into the tabernacle." 211, "And their forty sockets of silver; two sockets under one board, and two sockets under another board." 3170, "And Jethro said, Blessed be the LORD, who hath delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of the hand of Pharaoh, who hath delivered the people from under the hand of the Egyptians." 2260, "And thou shalt rear up the tabernacle according to the fashion thereof which was shewed thee in the mount." 1900, "And thou shalt hang up the vail under the taches, that thou mayest bring in thither within the vail the ark of the testimony: and the vail shall divide unto you between the holy place and the most holy." 219, "If men strive, and hurt a woman with child, so that her fruit depart from her, and yet no mischief follow: he shall be surely punished, according as the woman's husband will lay upon him; and he shall pay as the judges determine." 213, "So they shall wash their hands and their feet, that they die not: and it shall be a statute for ever to them, even to him and to his seed throughout their generations." 2520, "But if the ox were wont to push with his horn in time past, and it hath been testified to his owner, and he hath not kept him in, but that he hath killed a man or a woman; the ox shall be stoned, and his owner also shall be put to death." 221, "And the cloths of service, and the holy garments for Aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office," 2760, "And it shall come to pass, while my glory passeth by, that I will put thee in a clift of the rock, and will cover thee with my hand while I pass by:" 3140, "And there I will meet with thee, and I will commune with thee from above the mercy seat, from between the two cherubims which are upon the ark of the testimony, of all things which I will give thee in commandment unto the children of Israel." 274, "And thou shalt make the boards for the tabernacle, twenty boards on the south side southward." 2310, "If the theft be certainly found in his hand alive, whether it be ox, or ass, or sheep; he shall restore double." 2280, "And thou shalt make boards for the tabernacle of shittim wood standing up." 2750, "And the LORD came down upon mount Sinai, on the top of the mount: and the LORD called Moses up to the top of the mount; and Moses went up." 3120, "And the other two ends of the two wreathen chains thou shalt fasten in the two ouches, and put them on the shoulderpieces of the ephod before it." 2580, "And this is the offering which ye shall take of them; gold, and silver, and brass," 2650, "And thou shalt make bars of shittim wood; five for the boards of the one side of the tabernacle," 2230, "If thou meet thine enemy's ox or his ass going astray, thou shalt surely bring it back to him again." 3060, "And thou shalt put it under the compass of the altar beneath, that the net may be even to the midst of the altar." 2680, "And thou shalt couple five curtains by themselves, and six curtains by themselves, and shalt double the sixth curtain in the forefront of the tabernacle." 2400, "They shall not dwell in thy land, lest they make thee sin against me: for if thou serve their gods, it will surely be a snare unto thee." 2900, "Thou shalt have no other gods before me." 65400, "And the LORD said unto Moses, Take unto thee sweet spices, stacte, and onycha, and galbanum; these sweet spices with pure frankincense: of each shall there be a like weight:" 238, "And thou shalt overlay it with pure gold, and make thereto a crown of gold round about." 3190, "Then Moses stood in the gate of the camp, and said, Who is on the LORD'S side? let him come unto me. And all the sons of Levi gathered themselves together unto him." 3090, "If there be laid on him a sum of money, then he shall give for the ransom of his life whatsoever is laid upon him." 4550, "Burning for burning, wound for wound, stripe for stripe." 6700, "If it be torn in pieces, then let him bring it for witness, and he shall not make good that which was torn." 2240, "Thou shalt not wrest the judgment of thy poor in his cause." 3050, "An altar of earth thou shalt make unto me, and shalt sacrifice thereon thy burnt offerings, and thy peace offerings, thy sheep, and thine oxen: in all places where I record my name I will come unto thee, and I will bless thee." 258, "And all the people saw the cloudy pillar stand at the tabernacle door: and all the people rose up and worshipped, every man in his tent door." 2760, "Unto a land flowing with milk and honey: for I will not go up in the midst of thee; for thou art a stiffnecked people: lest I consume thee in the way." 2780, "Three times in the year all thy males shall appear before the Lord GOD." 3470, "And it shall be Aaron's and his sons' by a statute for ever from the children of Israel: for it is an heave offering: and it shall be an heave offering from the children of Israel of the sacrifice of their peace offerings, even their heave offering unto the LORD." 160, "Ten cubits shall be the length of a board, and a cubit and a half shall be the breadth of one board." 2910, "And this is the thing that thou shalt do unto them to hallow them, to minister unto me in the priest's office: Take one young bullock, and two rams without blemish," 206, "And Moses went down from the mount unto the people, and sanctified the people; and they washed their clothes." 2660, "Speak thou also unto the children of Israel, saying, Verily my sabbaths ye shall keep: for it is a sign between me and you throughout your generations; that ye may know that I am the LORD that doth sanctify you." 294, "Beware of him, and obey his voice, provoke him not; for he will not pardon your transgressions: for my name is in him." 4630, "And Aaron said unto them, Break off the golden earrings, which are in the ears of your wives, of your sons, and of your daughters, and bring them unto me." 3330, "And Moses said unto his father in law, Because the people come unto me to enquire of God:" 2220, "And the curious girdle of the ephod, which is upon it, shall be of the same, according to the work thereof; even of gold, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen." 2540, "Now therefore, I pray thee, if I have found grace in thy sight, shew me now thy way, that I may know thee, that I may find grace in thy sight: and consider that this nation is thy people." 225, "And thou shalt gird them with girdles, Aaron and his sons, and put the bonnets on them: and the priest's office shall be theirs for a perpetual statute: and thou shalt consecrate Aaron and his sons." 244, "Likewise shalt thou do with thine oxen, and with thy sheep: seven days it shall be with his dam; on the eighth day thou shalt give it me." 2440, "But if the owner thereof be with it, he shall not make it good: if it be an hired thing, it came for his hire." 1940, "And he that curseth his father, or his mother, shall surely be put to death." 8630, "And Moses besought the LORD his God, and said, LORD, why doth thy wrath wax hot against thy people, which thou hast brought forth out of the land of Egypt with great power, and with a mighty hand?" 214, "And thus shalt thou do unto Aaron, and to his sons, according to all things which I have commanded thee: seven days shalt thou consecrate them." 2300, "So Moses hearkened to the voice of his father in law, and did all that he had said." 2980, "Take thou also unto thee principal spices, of pure myrrh five hundred shekels, and of sweet cinnamon half so much, even two hundred and fifty shekels, and of sweet calamus two hundred and fifty shekels," 242, "And Moses turned, and went down from the mount, and the two tables of the testimony were in his hand: the tables were written on both their sides; on the one side and on the other were they written." 2130, "If she please not her master, who hath betrothed her to himself, then shall he let her be redeemed: to sell her unto a strange nation he shall have no power, seeing he hath dealt deceitfully with her." 248, "And they judged the people at all seasons: the hard causes they brought unto Moses, but every small matter they judged themselves." 2460, "And Moses went up into the mount, and a cloud covered the mount." 6960, "And Moses went up unto God, and the LORD called unto him out of the mountain, saying, Thus shalt thou say to the house of Jacob, and tell the children of Israel;" 4530, "In the tabernacle of the congregation without the vail, which is before the testimony, Aaron and his sons shall order it from evening to morning before the LORD: it shall be a statute for ever unto their generations on the behalf of the children of Israel." 167, "And I will send hornets before thee, which shall drive out the Hivite, the Canaanite, and the Hittite, from before thee." 3370, "If thou lend money to any of my people that is poor by thee, thou shalt not be to him as an usurer, neither shalt thou lay upon him usury." 3220, "And it came to pass on the third day in the morning, that there were thunders and lightnings, and a thick cloud upon the mount, and the voice of the trumpet exceeding loud; so that all the people that was in the camp trembled." 283, "And thou shalt sanctify them, that they may be most holy: whatsoever toucheth them shall be holy." 2870, "And thou shalt make an altar of shittim wood, five cubits long, and five cubits broad; the altar shall be foursquare: and the height thereof shall be three cubits." 2930, "And Moses took the blood, and sprinkled it on the people, and said, Behold the blood of the covenant, which the LORD hath made with you concerning all these words." 3970, "Fifty loops shalt thou make in the one curtain, and fifty loops shalt thou make in the edge of the curtain that is in the coupling of the second; that the loops may take hold one of another." 209, "For they were departed from Rephidim, and were come to the desert of Sinai, and had pitched in the wilderness; and there Israel camped before the mount." 2550, "And thou shalt make fifty taches of gold, and couple the curtains together with the taches: and it shall be one tabernacle." 2310, "And the tongs thereof, and the snuffdishes thereof, shall be of pure gold." 2620, "And thou shalt take the other ram; and Aaron and his sons shall put their hands upon the head of the ram." 3100, "And one loaf of bread, and one cake of oiled bread, and one wafer out of the basket of the unleavened bread that is before the LORD:" 3270, "And thou shalt receive them of their hands, and burn them upon the altar for a burnt offering, for a sweet savour before the LORD: it is an offering made by fire unto the LORD." 2770, "And thou shalt make the court of the tabernacle: for the south side southward there shall be hangings for the court of fine twined linen of an hundred cubits long for one side:" 259, "Notwithstanding, if he continue a day or two, he shall not be punished: for he is his money." 4250, "And when Aaron lighteth the lamps at even, he shall burn incense upon it, a perpetual incense before the LORD throughout your generations." 2540, "And the children of Levi did according to the word of Moses: and there fell of the people that day about three thousand men." 3940, "And thou shalt put the mercy seat upon the ark of the testimony in the most holy place." 2940, "And thou shalt take two onyx stones, and grave on them the names of the children of Israel:" 2790, "Whosoever lieth with a beast shall surely be put to death." 4930, "Remember the sabbath day, to keep it holy." 84400, "And the name of the other was Eliezer; for the God of my father, said he, was mine help, and delivered me from the sword of Pharaoh:" 2660, "And if the servant shall plainly say, I love my master, my wife, and my children; I will not go out free:" 4280, "And rams' skins dyed red, and badgers' skins, and shittim wood," 3140, "And they shall be eight boards, and their sockets of silver, sixteen sockets; two sockets under one board, and two sockets under another board." 2660, "Two tenons shall there be in one board, set in order one against another: thus shalt thou make for all the boards of the tabernacle." 2300, "And two other rings of gold thou shalt make, and shalt put them on the two sides of the ephod underneath, toward the forepart thereof, over against the other coupling thereof, above the curious girdle of the ephod." 169, "And thou shalt put it on a blue lace, that it may be upon the mitre; upon the forefront of the mitre it shall be." 2880, "Thou shalt also make a laver of brass, and his foot also of brass, to wash withal: and thou shalt put it between the tabernacle of the congregation and the altar, and thou shalt put water therein." 2240, "And he hewed two tables of stone like unto the first; and Moses rose up early in the morning, and went up unto mount Sinai, as the LORD had commanded him, and took in his hand the two tables of stone." 187, "And thou shalt make for the hanging five pillars of shittim wood, and overlay them with gold, and their hooks shall be of gold: and thou shalt cast five sockets of brass for them." 245, "Every one that passeth among them that are numbered, from twenty years old and above, shall give an offering unto the LORD." 3460, "Thou shalt also take one ram; and Aaron and his sons shall put their hands upon the head of the ram." 2750, "And thou shalt take the ram of the consecration, and seethe his flesh in the holy place." 2910, "Now these are the judgments which thou shalt set before them." 6490, "And the feast of harvest, the firstfruits of thy labours, which thou hast sown in the field: and the feast of ingathering, which is in the end of the year, when thou hast gathered in thy labours out of the field." 236, "And thou shalt make the staves of shittim wood, and overlay them with gold, that the table may be borne with them." 3260, "And thou shalt make for it a grate of network of brass; and upon the net shalt thou make four brasen rings in the four corners thereof." 2710, "Thou shalt not steal." 214000, "Three times thou shalt keep a feast unto me in the year." 5140, "And there shall be a knop under two branches of the same, and a knop under two branches of the same, and a knop under two branches of the same, according to the six branches that proceed out of the candlestick." 236, "And thou shalt beat some of it very small, and put of it before the testimony in the tabernacle of the congregation, where I will meet with thee: it shall be unto you most holy." 3070, "And for the second side of the tabernacle on the north side there shall be twenty boards:" 2430, "And thou shalt set the table without the vail, and the candlestick over against the table on the side of the tabernacle toward the south: and thou shalt put the table on the north side." 2200, "Also thou shalt take of the ram the fat and the rump, and the fat that covereth the inwards, and the caul above the liver, and the two kidneys, and the fat that is upon them, and the right shoulder; for it is a ram of consecration:" 171, "But the flesh of the bullock, and his skin, and his dung, shalt thou burn with fire without the camp: it is a sin offering." 3070, "And thou shalt command the children of Israel, that they bring thee pure oil olive beaten for the light, to cause the lamp to burn always." 2370, "And thou shalt make two rings of gold, and thou shalt put them upon the two ends of the breastplate in the border thereof, which is in the side of the ephod inward." 2380, "And ye shall be unto me a kingdom of priests, and an holy nation. These are the words which thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel." 7310, "Thou shalt not kill." 413000, "And thou shalt make a plate of pure gold, and grave upon it, like the engravings of a signet, HOLINESS TO THE LORD." 3760, "Whether he have gored a son, or have gored a daughter, according to this judgment shall it be done unto him." 4060, "And thou shalt teach them ordinances and laws, and shalt shew them the way wherein they must walk, and the work that they must do." 2600, "The length of one curtain shall be eight and twenty cubits, and the breadth of one curtain four cubits: and every one of the curtains shall have one measure." 2380, "And thou shalt make the staves of shittim wood, and overlay them with gold." 3810, "And Moses rose up, and his minister Joshua: and Moses went up into the mount of God." 2370, "And thou shalt make for it four rings of gold, and put the rings in the four corners that are on the four feet thereof." 3170, "And my wrath shall wax hot, and I will kill you with the sword; and your wives shall be widows, and your children fatherless." 3770, "Thou shalt keep the feast of unleavened bread: (thou shalt eat unleavened bread seven days, as I commanded thee, in the time appointed of the month Abib; for in it thou camest out from Egypt: and none shall appear before me empty:)" 258, "And thou shalt take the breast of the ram of Aaron's consecration, and wave it for a wave offering before the LORD: and it shall be thy part." 2920, "And the breadth of the court on the east side eastward shall be fifty cubits." 2370, "And Aaron shall burn thereon sweet incense every morning: when he dresseth the lamps, he shall burn incense upon it." 2440, "And for Aaron's sons thou shalt make coats, and thou shalt make for them girdles, and bonnets shalt thou make for them, for glory and for beauty." 2200, "And the LORD said unto Moses, Thus thou shalt say unto the children of Israel, Ye have seen that I have talked with you from heaven." 3040, "And two chains of pure gold at the ends; of wreathen work shalt thou make them, and fasten the wreathen chains to the ouches." 2870, "And the children of Israel stripped themselves of their ornaments by the mount Horeb." 2790, "For wherein shall it be known here that I and thy people have found grace in thy sight? is it not in that thou goest with us? so shall we be separated, I and thy people, from all the people that are upon the face of the earth." 243, "And it shall be upon Aaron to minister: and his sound shall be heard when he goeth in unto the holy place before the LORD, and when he cometh out, that he die not." 2400, "Also thou shalt not oppress a stranger: for ye know the heart of a stranger, seeing ye were strangers in the land of Egypt." 2720, "If the thief be not found, then the master of the house shall be brought unto the judges, to see whether he have put his hand unto his neighbour's goods." 2160, "And the LORD descended in the cloud, and stood with him there, and proclaimed the name of the LORD." 7340, "And thou shalt slay the ram, and thou shalt take his blood, and sprinkle it round about upon the altar." 2960, "And thou shalt offer every day a bullock for a sin offering for atonement: and thou shalt cleanse the altar, when thou hast made an atonement for it, and thou shalt anoint it, to sanctify it." 187, "Moreover thou shalt provide out of all the people able men, such as fear God, men of truth, hating covetousness; and place such over them, to be rulers of thousands, and rulers of hundreds, rulers of fifties, and rulers of tens:" 288, "Six days shalt thou labour, and do all thy work:" 24700, "And the LORD said unto Moses, Go down, charge the people, lest they break through unto the LORD to gaze, and many of them perish." 3090, "And two golden rings shalt thou make to it under the crown of it, by the two corners thereof, upon the two sides of it shalt thou make it; and they shall be for places for the staves to bear it withal." 190, "And Aaron shall make an atonement upon the horns of it once in a year with the blood of the sin offering of atonements: once in the year shall he make atonement upon it throughout your generations: it is most holy unto the LORD." 203, "The five curtains shall be coupled together one to another; and other five curtains shall be coupled one to another." 2720, "And the LORD said unto Moses, I have seen this people, and, behold, it is a stiffnecked people:" 4510, "According to all that I shew thee, after the pattern of the tabernacle, and the pattern of all the instruments thereof, even so shall ye make it." 3290, "Upon man's flesh shall it not be poured, neither shall ye make any other like it, after the composition of it: it is holy, and it shall be holy unto you." 2990, "Keep thee far from a false matter; and the innocent and righteous slay thou not: for I will not justify the wicked." 3070, "And thou shalt make forty sockets of silver under the twenty boards; two sockets under one board for his two tenons, and two sockets under another board for his two tenons." 3420, "And the LORD said unto Moses, Go unto the people, and sanctify them to day and to morrow, and let them wash their clothes," 2820, "And thou shalt burn the whole ram upon the altar: it is a burnt offering unto the LORD: it is a sweet savour, an offering made by fire unto the LORD." 2490, "And there I will meet with the children of Israel, and the tabernacle shall be sanctified by my glory." 3250, "And they shall be upon Aaron, and upon his sons, when they come in unto the tabernacle of the congregation, or when they come near unto the altar to minister in the holy place; that they bear not iniquity, and die: it shall be a statute for ever unto him and his seed after him." 207, "And they shall know that I am the LORD their God, that brought them forth out of the land of Egypt, that I may dwell among them: I am the LORD their God." 2670, "With the work of an engraver in stone, like the engravings of a signet, shalt thou engrave the two stones with the names of the children of Israel: thou shalt make them to be set in ouches of gold." 302, "And thou shalt overlay it with pure gold, the top thereof, and the sides thereof round about, and the horns thereof; and thou shalt make unto it a crown of gold round about." 2250, "And the twenty pillars thereof and their twenty sockets shall be of brass; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets shall be of silver." 2110, "Honour thy father and thy mother: that thy days may be long upon the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee." 19700, "And Moses took the tabernacle, and pitched it without the camp, afar off from the camp, and called it the Tabernacle of the congregation. And it came to pass, that every one which sought the LORD went out unto the tabernacle of the congregation, which was without the camp." 202, "There shall not an hand touch it, but he shall surely be stoned, or shot through; whether it be beast or man, it shall not live: when the trumpet soundeth long, they shall come up to the mount." 291, "And if a man entice a maid that is not betrothed, and lie with her, he shall surely endow her to be his wife." 7860, "And the third row a ligure, an agate, and an amethyst." 3390, "And he said, My presence shall go with thee, and I will give thee rest." 5610, "When they have a matter, they come unto me; and I judge between one and another, and I do make them know the statutes of God, and his laws." 2530, "A cubit shall be the length thereof, and a cubit the breadth thereof; foursquare shall it be: and two cubits shall be the height thereof: the horns thereof shall be of the same." 2890, "And the LORD said, Behold, there is a place by me, and thou shalt stand upon a rock:" 5060, "And the sight of the glory of the LORD was like devouring fire on the top of the mount in the eyes of the children of Israel." 4080, "And it came to pass, as soon as he came nigh unto the camp, that he saw the calf, and the dancing: and Moses' anger waxed hot, and he cast the tables out of his hands, and brake them beneath the mount." 263, "And all the people brake off the golden earrings which were in their ears, and brought them unto Aaron." 3640, "And thou shalt make holy garments for Aaron thy brother for glory and for beauty." 3140, "Thou shalt make no covenant with them, nor with their gods." 10500, "Over against the border shall the rings be for places of the staves to bear the table." 2630, "Six of their names on one stone, and the other six names of the rest on the other stone, according to their birth." 2760, "And the tables were the work of God, and the writing was the writing of God, graven upon the tables." 3660, "If thou at all take thy neighbour's raiment to pledge, thou shalt deliver it unto him by that the sun goeth down:" 2170, "Hearken now unto my voice, I will give thee counsel, and God shall be with thee: Be thou for the people to God-ward, that thou mayest bring the causes unto God:" 2630, "If an ox gore a man or a woman, that they die: then the ox shall be surely stoned, and his flesh shall not be eaten; but the owner of the ox shall be quit." 2000, "The hangings of one side of the gate shall be fifteen cubits: their pillars three, and their sockets three." 2840, "And if a man lie not in wait, but God deliver him into his hand; then I will appoint thee a place whither he shall flee." 2650, "And five bars for the boards of the other side of the tabernacle, and five bars for the boards of the side of the tabernacle, for the two sides westward." 2290, "And thou shalt take of the blood that is upon the altar, and of the anointing oil, and sprinkle it upon Aaron, and upon his garments, and upon his sons, and upon the garments of his sons with him: and he shall be hallowed, and his garments, and his sons, and his sons' garments with him." 174, "So Moses went down unto the people, and spake unto them." 5000, "And thou shalt make an altar to burn incense upon: of shittim wood shalt thou make it." 3020, "And he said, If now I have found grace in thy sight, O Lord, let my Lord, I pray thee, go among us; for it is a stiffnecked people; and pardon our iniquity and our sin, and take us for thine inheritance." 190, "And God spake all these words, saying," 14300, "And the LORD repented of the evil which he thought to do unto his people." 6180, "And shewing mercy unto thousands of them that love me, and keep my commandments." 15900, "If he take him another wife; her food, her raiment, and her duty of marriage, shall he not diminish." 4110, "And if it be stolen from him, he shall make restitution unto the owner thereof." 2120, "The length of the court shall be an hundred cubits, and the breadth fifty every where, and the height five cubits of fine twined linen, and their sockets of brass." 2410, "And Moses returned unto the LORD, and said, Oh, this people have sinned a great sin, and have made them gods of gold." 4080, "And the LORD spake unto Moses face to face, as a man speaketh unto his friend. And he turned again into the camp: but his servant Joshua, the son of Nun, a young man, departed not out of the tabernacle." 276, "Now I know that the LORD is greater than all gods: for in the thing wherein they dealt proudly he was above them." 4090, "And thou shalt put it before the vail that is by the ark of the testimony, before the mercy seat that is over the testimony, where I will meet with thee." 2100, "And thou shalt put the mercy seat above upon the ark; and in the ark thou shalt put the testimony that I shall give thee." 3610, "A golden bell and a pomegranate, a golden bell and a pomegranate, upon the hem of the robe round about." 3080, "Moreover the LORD spake unto Moses, saying," 6290, "And for the gate of the court shall be an hanging of twenty cubits, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, wrought with needlework: and their pillars shall be four, and their sockets four." 190, "And thou shalt put the two stones upon the shoulders of the ephod for stones of memorial unto the children of Israel: and Aaron shall bear their names before the LORD upon his two shoulders for a memorial." 207, "And thou shalt make loops of blue upon the edge of the one curtain from the selvedge in the coupling; and likewise shalt thou make in the uttermost edge of another curtain, in the coupling of the second." 209, "And when Moses saw that the people were naked; (for Aaron had made them naked unto their shame among their enemies:)" 2590, "Thou wilt surely wear away, both thou, and this people that is with thee: for this thing is too heavy for thee; thou art not able to perform it thyself alone." 2600, "And thou shalt make fifty loops on the edge of the one curtain that is outmost in the coupling, and fifty loops in the edge of the curtain which coupleth the second." 2400, "Eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot," 32100, "And be ready against the third day: for the third day the LORD will come down in the sight of all the people upon mount Sinai." 3510, "He that sacrificeth unto any god, save unto the LORD only, he shall be utterly destroyed." 3670, "And he said, I beseech thee, shew me thy glory." 6540, "If fire break out, and catch in thorns, so that the stacks of corn, or the standing corn, or the field, be consumed therewith; he that kindled the fire shall surely make restitution." 250, "Or if it be known that the ox hath used to push in time past, and his owner hath not kept him in; he shall surely pay ox for ox; and the dead shall be his own." 170, "And Moses said unto the LORD, The people cannot come up to mount Sinai: for thou chargedst us, saying, Set bounds about the mount, and sanctify it." 3540, "If a thief be found breaking up, and be smitten that he die, there shall no blood be shed for him." 3890, "Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbour." 32800, "This shall be a continual burnt offering throughout your generations at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation before the LORD: where I will meet you, to speak there unto thee." 3100, "Thou shalt not bow down thyself to them, nor serve them: for I the LORD thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me;" 284, "For that is his covering only, it is his raiment for his skin: wherein shall he sleep? and it shall come to pass, when he crieth unto me, that I will hear; for I am gracious." 284, "And Jethro, Moses' father in law, took a burnt offering and sacrifices for God: and Aaron came, and all the elders of Israel, to eat bread with Moses' father in law before God." 2140, "When they go into the tabernacle of the congregation, they shall wash with water, that they die not; or when they come near to the altar to minister, to burn offering made by fire unto the LORD:" 289, "And thou shalt make it an oil of holy ointment, an ointment compound after the art of the apothecary: it shall be an holy anointing oil." 3220, "And thou shalt make the dishes thereof, and spoons thereof, and covers thereof, and bowls thereof, to cover withal: of pure gold shalt thou make them." 3350, "And thou shalt put into the ark the testimony which I shall give thee." 3610, "And Moses went into the midst of the cloud, and gat him up into the mount: and Moses was in the mount forty days and forty nights." 3200, "And Moses let his father in law depart; and he went his way into his own land." 2830, "For all manner of trespass, whether it be for ox, for ass, for sheep, for raiment, or for any manner of lost thing, which another challengeth to be his, the cause of both parties shall come before the judges; and whom the judges shall condemn, he shall pay double unto his neighbour." 187, "And thou shalt put the two wreathen chains of gold in the two rings which are on the ends of the breastplate." 2300, "And if any mischief follow, then thou shalt give life for life," 7210, "Thou shalt also make a table of shittim wood: two cubits shall be the length thereof, and a cubit the breadth thereof, and a cubit and a half the height thereof." 2970, "And Moses came and told the people all the words of the LORD, and all the judgments: and all the people answered with one voice, and said, All the words which the LORD hath said will we do." 2240, "And he said, I will make all my goodness pass before thee, and I will proclaim the name of the LORD before thee; and will be gracious to whom I will be gracious, and will shew mercy on whom I will shew mercy." 285, "And he said unto Moses, Come up unto the LORD, thou, and Aaron, Nadab, and Abihu, and seventy of the elders of Israel; and worship ye afar off." 2810, "When thou takest the sum of the children of Israel after their number, then shall they give every man a ransom for his soul unto the LORD, when thou numberest them; that there be no plague among them, when thou numberest them." 220, "And Moses brought forth the people out of the camp to meet with God; and they stood at the nether part of the mount." 4340, "And thou shalt make the breastplate of judgment with cunning work; after the work of the ephod thou shalt make it; of gold, of blue, and of purple, and of scarlet, and of fine twined linen, shalt thou make it." 219, "Thou shalt not follow a multitude to do evil; neither shalt thou speak in a cause to decline after many to wrest judgment:" 3680, "And when the people heard these evil tidings, they mourned: and no man did put on him his ornaments." 2950, "And unleavened bread, and cakes unleavened tempered with oil, and wafers unleavened anointed with oil: of wheaten flour shalt thou make them." 3640, "And let them judge the people at all seasons: and it shall be, that every great matter they shall bring unto thee, but every small matter they shall judge: so shall it be easier for thyself, and they shall bear the burden with thee." 242, "The staves shall be in the rings of the ark: they shall not be taken from it." 3140, "And they shall bind the breastplate by the rings thereof unto the rings of the ephod with a lace of blue, that it may be above the curious girdle of the ephod, and that the breastplate be not loosed from the ephod." 182, "And he said unto the elders, Tarry ye here for us, until we come again unto you: and, behold, Aaron and Hur are with you: if any man have any matters to do, let him come unto them." 193, "And beneath upon the hem of it thou shalt make pomegranates of blue, and of purple, and of scarlet, round about the hem thereof; and bells of gold between them round about:" 3110, "And in cutting of stones, to set them, and in carving of timber, to work in all manner of workmanship." 3330, "Thou shalt not delay to offer the first of thy ripe fruits, and of thy liquors: the firstborn of thy sons shalt thou give unto me." 3050, "And if a man shall open a pit, or if a man shall dig a pit, and not cover it, and an ox or an ass fall therein;" 4290, "And he sent young men of the children of Israel, which offered burnt offerings, and sacrificed peace offerings of oxen unto the LORD." 2610, "Hollow with boards shalt thou make it: as it was shewed thee in the mount, so shall they make it." 2140, "Thou shalt not bow down to their gods, nor serve them, nor do after their works: but thou shalt utterly overthrow them, and quite break down their images." 3200, "And that son that is priest in his stead shall put them on seven days, when he cometh into the tabernacle of the congregation to minister in the holy place." 2370, "And Jethro, Moses' father in law, came with his sons and his wife unto Moses into the wilderness, where he encamped at the mount of God:" 2340, "And he gave unto Moses, when he had made an end of communing with him upon mount Sinai, two tables of testimony, tables of stone, written with the finger of God." 3400, "And thou shalt make it a perfume, a confection after the art of the apothecary, tempered together, pure and holy:" 2590, "And Moses said unto the people, Fear not: for God is come to prove you, and that his fear may be before your faces, that ye sin not." 4750, "If thou shalt do this thing, and God command thee so, then thou shalt be able to endure, and all this people shall also go to their place in peace." 2470, "And the LORD said unto him, Away, get thee down, and thou shalt come up, thou, and Aaron with thee: but let not the priests and the people break through to come up unto the LORD, lest he break forth upon them." 191, "And the remnant that remaineth of the curtains of the tent, the half curtain that remaineth, shall hang over the backside of the tabernacle." 2540, "And if he have betrothed her unto his son, he shall deal with her after the manner of daughters." 2790, "And thou shalt put all in the hands of Aaron, and in the hands of his sons; and shalt wave them for a wave offering before the LORD." 3890, "And thou shalt cut the ram in pieces, and wash the inwards of him, and his legs, and put them unto his pieces, and unto his head." 3500, "And if ought of the flesh of the consecrations, or of the bread, remain unto the morning, then thou shalt burn the remainder with fire: it shall not be eaten, because it is holy." 2920, "Six days thou shalt do thy work, and on the seventh day thou shalt rest: that thine ox and thine ass may rest, and the son of thy handmaid, and the stranger, may be refreshed." 2540, "Ye shall keep the sabbath therefore; for it is holy unto you: every one that defileth it shall surely be put to death: for whosoever doeth any work therein, that soul shall be cut off from among his people." 296, "And the anointing oil, and sweet incense for the holy place: according to all that I have commanded thee shall they do." 2890, "And the middle bar in the midst of the boards shall reach from end to end." 2360, "Now therefore let me alone, that my wrath may wax hot against them, and that I may consume them: and I will make of thee a great nation." 3060, "If a man shall deliver unto his neighbour money or stuff to keep, and it be stolen out of the man's house; if the thief be found, let him pay double." 2420, "And thou shalt anoint Aaron and his sons, and consecrate them, that they may minister unto me in the priest's office." 3310, "And Aaron and his sons shall eat the flesh of the ram, and the bread that is in the basket, by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation." 2710, "And he that smiteth his father, or his mother, shall be surely put to death." 4570, "But the seventh year thou shalt let it rest and lie still; that the poor of thy people may eat: and what they leave the beasts of the field shall eat. In like manner thou shalt deal with thy vineyard, and with thy oliveyard." 205, "All the vessels of the tabernacle in all the service thereof, and all the pins thereof, and all the pins of the court, shall be of brass." 2310, "And be ready in the morning, and come up in the morning unto mount Sinai, and present thyself there to me in the top of the mount." 2510, "And the other lamb thou shalt offer at even, and shalt do thereto according to the meat offering of the morning, and according to the drink offering thereof, for a sweet savour, an offering made by fire unto the LORD." 167, "To devise cunning works, to work in gold, and in silver, and in brass," 3600, "Three bowls made like unto almonds, with a knop and a flower in one branch; and three bowls made like almonds in the other branch, with a knop and a flower: so in the six branches that come out of the candlestick." 236, "And it came to pass, as Moses entered into the tabernacle, the cloudy pillar descended, and stood at the door of the tabernacle, and the LORD talked with Moses." 3120, "And with the one lamb a tenth deal of flour mingled with the fourth part of an hin of beaten oil; and the fourth part of an hin of wine for a drink offering." 2780, "Onyx stones, and stones to be set in the ephod, and in the breastplate." 3220, "For in six days the LORD made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the LORD blessed the sabbath day, and hallowed it." 27400, "And they saw the God of Israel: and there was under his feet as it were a paved work of a sapphire stone, and as it were the body of heaven in his clearness." 3730, "The length of one curtain shall be thirty cubits, and the breadth of one curtain four cubits: and the eleven curtains shall be all of one measure." 2730, "And thou shalt make them linen breeches to cover their nakedness; from the loins even unto the thighs they shall reach:" 2580, "Then went up Moses, and Aaron, Nadab, and Abihu, and seventy of the elders of Israel:" 4580, "And he said unto them, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Put every man his sword by his side, and go in and out from gate to gate throughout the camp, and slay every man his brother, and every man his companion, and every man his neighbour." 278, "And if a man smite his servant, or his maid, with a rod, and he die under his hand; he shall be surely punished." 4230, "If he rise again, and walk abroad upon his staff, then shall he that smote him be quit: only he shall pay for the loss of his time, and shall cause him to be thoroughly healed." 229, "Of a talent of pure gold shall he make it, with all these vessels." 3030, "And blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine linen, and goats' hair," 5910, "And thou shalt make a candlestick of pure gold: of beaten work shall the candlestick be made: his shaft, and his branches, his bowls, his knops, and his flowers, shall be of the same." 227, "The first of the firstfruits of thy land thou shalt bring into the house of the LORD thy God. Thou shalt not seethe a kid in his mother's milk." 4000, "And when Joshua heard the noise of the people as they shouted, he said unto Moses, There is a noise of war in the camp." 2560, "For mine Angel shall go before thee, and bring thee in unto the Amorites, and the Hittites, and the Perizzites, and the Canaanites, the Hivites, and the Jebusites: and I will cut them off." 387, "And the LORD said unto Moses, Depart, and go up hence, thou and the people which thou hast brought up out of the land of Egypt, unto the land which I sware unto Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, saying, Unto thy seed will I give it:" 207, "The rich shall not give more, and the poor shall not give less than half a shekel, when they give an offering unto the LORD, to make an atonement for your souls." 4930, "And the LORD plagued the people, because they made the calf, which Aaron made." 3150, "And he said, It is not the voice of them that shout for mastery, neither is it the voice of them that cry for being overcome: but the noise of them that sing do I hear." 2750, "And ye shall be holy men unto me: neither shall ye eat any flesh that is torn of beasts in the field; ye shall cast it to the dogs." 3480, "And he said, Thou canst not see my face: for there shall no man see me, and live." 9950, "And the holy garments of Aaron shall be his sons' after him, to be anointed therein, and to be consecrated in them." 3050, "And of cassia five hundred shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary, and of oil olive an hin:" 3010, "And if he smite out his manservant's tooth, or his maidservant's tooth; he shall let him go free for his tooth's sake." 2660, "And in all things that I have said unto you be circumspect: and make no mention of the name of other gods, neither let it be heard out of thy mouth." 3560, "And look that thou make them after their pattern, which was shewed thee in the mount." 3870, "And Moses said unto the LORD, See, thou sayest unto me, Bring up this people: and thou hast not let me know whom thou wilt send with me. Yet thou hast said, I know thee by name, and thou hast also found grace in my sight." 217, "And I, behold, I have given with him Aholiab, the son of Ahisamach, of the tribe of Dan: and in the hearts of all that are wise hearted I have put wisdom, that they may make all that I have commanded thee;" 259, "And thou shalt make the robe of the ephod all of blue." 3040, "And make one cherub on the one end, and the other cherub on the other end: even of the mercy seat shall ye make the cherubims on the two ends thereof." 2610, "Whosoever shall make like unto that, to smell thereto, shall even be cut off from his people." 2620, "Therefore now go, lead the people unto the place of which I have spoken unto thee: behold, mine Angel shall go before thee: nevertheless in the day when I visit I will visit their sin upon them." 209, "And I will sanctify the tabernacle of the congregation, and the altar: I will sanctify also both Aaron and his sons, to minister to me in the priest's office." 3120, "And thou shalt make a covering for the tent of rams' skins dyed red, and a covering above of badgers' skins." 2480, "It shall have the two shoulderpieces thereof joined at the two edges thereof; and so it shall be joined together." 2260, "And if one man's ox hurt another's, that he die; then they shall sell the live ox, and divide the money of it; and the dead ox also they shall divide." 2190, "And thou shalt make upon the breastplate two rings of gold, and shalt put the two rings on the two ends of the breastplate." 2350, "And he took the book of the covenant, and read in the audience of the people: and they said, All that the LORD hath said will we do, and be obedient." 4170, "If a man shall cause a field or vineyard to be eaten, and shall put in his beast, and shall feed in another man's field; of the best of his own field, and of the best of his own vineyard, shall he make restitution." 222, "And all the people answered together, and said, All that the LORD hath spoken we will do. And Moses returned the words of the people unto the LORD." 3260, "And thou shalt make an hanging for the door of the tent, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, wrought with needlework." 2920, "And mount Sinai was altogether on a smoke, because the LORD descended upon it in fire: and the smoke thereof ascended as the smoke of a furnace, and the whole mount quaked greatly." 4000, "And Moses' father in law said unto him, The thing that thou doest is not good." 3200, "The tabernacle of the congregation, and the ark of the testimony, and the mercy seat that is thereupon, and all the furniture of the tabernacle," 2520, "Seven days thou shalt make an atonement for the altar, and sanctify it; and it shall be an altar most holy: whatsoever toucheth the altar shall be holy." 2640, "And thou shalt set in it settings of stones, even four rows of stones: the first row shall be a sardius, a topaz, and a carbuncle: this shall be the first row." 2980, "Then shalt thou take the anointing oil, and pour it upon his head, and anoint him." 3720, "And I have filled him with the spirit of God, in wisdom, and in understanding, and in knowledge, and in all manner of workmanship," 4660, "Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live." 40500, "And they said unto Moses, Speak thou with us, and we will hear: but let not God speak with us, lest we die." 5970, "And they shall be coupled together beneath, and they shall be coupled together above the head of it unto one ring: thus shall it be for them both; they shall be for the two corners." 139, "And the glory of the LORD abode upon mount Sinai, and the cloud covered it six days: and the seventh day he called unto Moses out of the midst of the cloud." 2750, "And thou shalt put the mitre upon his head, and put the holy crown upon the mitre." 3390, "Ye shall not afflict any widow, or fatherless child." 3830, "If the ox shall push a manservant or a maidservant; he shall give unto their master thirty shekels of silver, and the ox shall be stoned." 5170, "And for the breadth of the court on the west side shall be hangings of fifty cubits: their pillars ten, and their sockets ten." 2260, "And all the people saw the thunderings, and the lightnings, and the noise of the trumpet, and the mountain smoking: and when the people saw it, they removed, and stood afar off." 3890, "I am the LORD thy God, which have brought thee out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage." 23600, "And thou shalt kill the bullock before the LORD, by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation." 3080, "But the seventh day is the sabbath of the LORD thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates:" 296, "And the LORD said unto Moses, Come up to me into the mount, and be there: and I will give thee tables of stone, and a law, and commandments which I have written; that thou mayest teach them." 2580, "And Moses came and called for the elders of the people, and laid before their faces all these words which the LORD commanded him." 3810, "If a man deliver unto his neighbour an ass, or an ox, or a sheep, or any beast, to keep; and it die, or be hurt, or driven away, no man seeing it:" 203, "And thou shalt hang it upon four pillars of shittim wood overlaid with gold: their hooks shall be of gold, upon the four sockets of silver." 2660, "And thou shalt make a vail of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen of cunning work: with cherubims shall it be made:" 3390, "If her father utterly refuse to give her unto him, he shall pay money according to the dowry of virgins." 5490, "And the stones shall be with the names of the children of Israel, twelve, according to their names, like the engravings of a signet; every one with his name shall they be according to the twelve tribes." 2350, "And thou shalt overlay the boards with gold, and make their rings of gold for places for the bars: and thou shalt overlay the bars with gold." 1940, "For they said unto me, Make us gods, which shall go before us: for as for this Moses, the man that brought us up out of the land of Egypt, we wot not what is become of him." 241, "And thou shalt make staves for the altar, staves of shittim wood, and overlay them with brass." 2700, "Moreover thou shalt make the tabernacle with ten curtains of fine twined linen, and blue, and purple, and scarlet: with cherubims of cunning work shalt thou make them." 3220, "And the LORD passed by before him, and proclaimed, The LORD, The LORD God, merciful and gracious, longsuffering, and abundant in goodness and truth," 5780, "There shall nothing cast their young, nor be barren, in thy land: the number of thy days I will fulfil." 2560, "And a cubit on the one side, and a cubit on the other side of that which remaineth in the length of the curtains of the tent, it shall hang over the sides of the tabernacle on this side and on that side, to cover it." 194, "Observe thou that which I command thee this day: behold, I drive out before thee the Amorite, and the Canaanite, and the Hittite, and the Perizzite, and the Hivite, and the Jebusite." 2330, "For Aaron and his sons shall wash their hands and their feet thereat:" 2790, "And I will set thy bounds from the Red sea even unto the sea of the Philistines, and from the desert unto the river: for I will deliver the inhabitants of the land into your hand; and thou shalt drive them out before thee." 221, "And thou shalt overlay it with pure gold, within and without shalt thou overlay it, and shalt make upon it a crown of gold round about." 2620, "And thou shalt make a mercy seat of pure gold: two cubits and a half shall be the length thereof, and a cubit and a half the breadth thereof." 3900, "And the altar of burnt offering with all his furniture, and the laver and his foot," 3150, "And Moses alone shall come near the LORD: but they shall not come nigh; neither shall the people go up with him." 2930, "And the LORD said unto Moses, Go, get thee down; for thy people, which thou broughtest out of the land of Egypt, have corrupted themselves:" 3330, "And thou shalt make the horns of it upon the four corners thereof: his horns shall be of the same: and thou shalt overlay it with brass." 2910, "Remember Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, thy servants, to whom thou swarest by thine own self, and saidst unto them, I will multiply your seed as the stars of heaven, and all this land that I have spoken of will I give unto your seed, and they shall inherit it for ever." 254, "And thou shalt make fifty taches of brass, and put the taches into the loops, and couple the tent together, that it may be one." 3210, "For Moses had said, Consecrate yourselves to day to the LORD, even every man upon his son, and upon his brother; that he may bestow upon you a blessing this day." 1690, "And for the sides of the tabernacle westward thou shalt make six boards." 2230, "And thou shalt cause a bullock to be brought before the tabernacle of the congregation: and Aaron and his sons shall put their hands upon the head of the bullock." 3260, "Now this is that which thou shalt offer upon the altar; two lambs of the first year day by day continually." 2880, "And the cherubims shall stretch forth their wings on high, covering the mercy seat with their wings, and their faces shall look one to another; toward the mercy seat shall the faces of the cherubims be." 320, "This they shall give, every one that passeth among them that are numbered, half a shekel after the shekel of the sanctuary: (a shekel is twenty gerahs:) an half shekel shall be the offering of the LORD." 254, "And six years thou shalt sow thy land, and shalt gather in the fruits thereof:" 3040, "If the sun be risen upon him, there shall be blood shed for him; for he should make full restitution; if he have nothing, then he shall be sold for his theft." 3060, "For the LORD had said unto Moses, Say unto the children of Israel, Ye are a stiffnecked people: I will come up into the midst of thee in a moment, and consume thee: therefore now put off thy ornaments from thee, that I may know what to do unto thee." 222, "Neither shalt thou go up by steps unto mine altar, that thy nakedness be not discovered thereon." 4300, "Thou shalt not raise a false report: put not thine hand with the wicked to be an unrighteous witness." 3320, "And thou shalt cast four rings of gold for it, and put them in the four corners thereof; and two rings shall be in the one side of it, and two rings in the other side of it." 3810, "Ye shall offer no strange incense thereon, nor burnt sacrifice, nor meat offering; neither shall ye pour drink offering thereon." 5470, "See, I have called by name Bezaleel the son of Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah:" 2960, "And Moses said unto Aaron, What did this people unto thee, that thou hast brought so great a sin upon them?" 2990}