{"Wherefore, as by one man sin entered into the world, and death by sin; and so death passed upon all men, for that all have sinned:" 431, "Then said Paul unto him, God shall smite thee, thou whited wall: for sittest thou to judge me after the law, and commandest me to be smitten contrary to the law?" 232, "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;" 401, "If so be that ye have heard him, and have been taught by him, as the truth is in Jesus:" 303, "And my temptation which was in my flesh ye despised not, nor rejected; but received me as an angel of God, even as Christ Jesus." 286, "And some of the Pharisees which were with him heard these words, and said unto him, Are we blind also?" 297, "And when Paul had gathered a bundle of sticks, and laid them on the fire, there came a viper out of the heat, and fastened on his hand." 268, "Traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God;" 437, "When they were past the first and the second ward, they came unto the iron gate that leadeth unto the city; which opened to them of his own accord: and they went out, and passed on through one street; and forthwith the angel departed from him." 279, "For as the woman is of the man, even so is the man also by the woman; but all things of God." 274, "This man was instructed in the way of the Lord; and being fervent in the spirit, he spake and taught diligently the things of the Lord, knowing only the baptism of John." 335, "Having made known unto us the mystery of his will, according to his good pleasure which he hath purposed in himself:" 352, "And he reasoned in the synagogue every sabbath, and persuaded the Jews and the Greeks." 236, "But avoid foolish questions, and genealogies, and contentions, and strivings about the law; for they are unprofitable and vain." 361, "Is any man called being circumcised? let him not become uncircumcised. Is any called in uncircumcision? let him not be circumcised." 283, "And there came thither certain Jews from Antioch and Iconium, who persuaded the people, and, having stoned Paul, drew him out of the city, supposing he had been dead." 259, "Harden not your hearts, as in the provocation, in the day of temptation in the wilderness:" 255, "Proving what is acceptable unto the Lord." 547, "I sent him therefore the more carefully, that, when ye see him again, ye may rejoice, and that I may be the less sorrowful." 241, "I charge you by the Lord that this epistle be read unto all the holy brethren." 304, "And when they had taken up the anchors, they committed themselves unto the sea, and loosed the rudder bands, and hoised up the mainsail to the wind, and made toward shore." 1720, "How that in a great trial of affliction the abundance of their joy and their deep poverty abounded unto the riches of their liberality." 297, "And not as it was by one that sinned, so is the gift: for the judgment was by one to condemnation, but the free gift is of many offences unto justification." 330, "For he that speaketh in an unknown tongue speaketh not unto men, but unto God: for no man understandeth him; howbeit in the spirit he speaketh mysteries." 324, "And when he had removed him, he raised up unto them David to be their king; to whom also he gave testimony, and said, I have found David the son of Jesse, a man after mine own heart, which shall fulfil all my will." 259, "For when we were in the flesh, the motions of sins, which were by the law, did work in our members to bring forth fruit unto death." 341, "But they shook off the dust of their feet against them, and came unto Iconium." 258, "For what man knoweth the things of a man, save the spirit of man which is in him? even so the things of God knoweth no man, but the Spirit of God." 383, "Having land, sold it, and brought the money, and laid it at the apostles' feet." 336, "But when it pleased God, who separated me from my mother's womb, and called me by his grace," 293, "And at the second time Joseph was made known to his brethren; and Joseph's kindred was made known unto Pharaoh." 197, "For as ye in times past have not believed God, yet have now obtained mercy through their unbelief:" 308, "And they were not able to resist the wisdom and the spirit by which he spake." 248, "Now they have known that all things whatsoever thou hast given me are of thee." 282, "Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall give me at that day: and not to me only, but unto all them also that love his appearing." 411, "Having the same conflict which ye saw in me, and now hear to be in me." 255, "Jesus answered and said unto them, Though I bear record of myself, yet my record is true: for I know whence I came, and whither I go; but ye cannot tell whence I come, and whither I go." 251, "And at midnight Paul and Silas prayed, and sang praises unto God: and the prisoners heard them." 358, "To whom I answered, It is not the manner of the Romans to deliver any man to die, before that he which is accused have the accusers face to face, and have licence to answer for himself concerning the crime laid against him." 223, "And then immediately the brethren sent away Paul to go as it were to the sea: but Silas and Timotheus abode there still." 225, "Howbeit certain men clave unto him, and believed: among the which was Dionysius the Areopagite, and a woman named Damaris, and others with them." 259, "For this cause I Paul, the prisoner of Jesus Christ for you Gentiles," 284, "Neither was the man created for the woman; but the woman for the man." 299, "Now our Lord Jesus Christ himself, and God, even our Father, which hath loved us, and hath given us everlasting consolation and good hope through grace," 355, "I thank my God always on your behalf, for the grace of God which is given you by Jesus Christ;" 301, "Saying, This fellow persuadeth men to worship God contrary to the law." 262, "And he said unto them, Unto what then were ye baptized? And they said, Unto John's baptism." 354, "This is again the second miracle that Jesus did, when he was come out of Judaea into Galilee." 237, "But I fear, lest by any means, as the serpent beguiled Eve through his subtilty, so your minds should be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ." 322, "To them who by patient continuance in well doing seek for glory and honour and immortality, eternal life:" 296, "Then Agrippa said unto Paul, Thou art permitted to speak for thyself. Then Paul stretched forth the hand, and answered for himself:" 233, "And they that were with me saw indeed the light, and were afraid; but they heard not the voice of him that spake to me." 301, "For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine; but after their own lusts shall they heap to themselves teachers, having itching ears;" 380, "Whether any do enquire of Titus, he is my partner and fellowhelper concerning you: or our brethren be enquired of, they are the messengers of the churches, and the glory of Christ." 1720, "For we have found this man a pestilent fellow, and a mover of sedition among all the Jews throughout the world, and a ringleader of the sect of the Nazarenes:" 267, "And if Christ be not risen, then is our preaching vain, and your faith is also vain." 297, "And they said unto him, We neither received letters out of Judaea concerning thee, neither any of the brethren that came shewed or spake any harm of thee." 202, "That ye may with one mind and one mouth glorify God, even the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ." 325, "But when the officers came, and found them not in the prison, they returned, and told," 162, "And on my servants and on my handmaidens I will pour out in those days of my Spirit; and they shall prophesy:" 354, "Which things are an allegory: for these are the two covenants; the one from the mount Sinai, which gendereth to bondage, which is Agar." 345, "This is the stone which was set at nought of you builders, which is become the head of the corner." 334, "So that contrariwise ye ought rather to forgive him, and comfort him, lest perhaps such a one should be swallowed up with overmuch sorrow." 316, "Seeing then that we have a great high priest, that is passed into the heavens, Jesus the Son of God, let us hold fast our profession." 335, "And when they were come to Jerusalem, they were received of the church, and of the apostles and elders, and they declared all things that God had done with them." 256, "Mine answer to them that do examine me is this," 268, "I have therefore whereof I may glory through Jesus Christ in those things which pertain to God." 210, "Ye worship ye know not what: we know what we worship: for salvation is of the Jews." 339, "Moses therefore gave unto you circumcision; (not because it is of Moses, but of the fathers;) and ye on the sabbath day circumcise a man." 255, "For those priests were made without an oath; but this with an oath by him that said unto him, The Lord sware and will not repent, Thou art a priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec:)" 293, "Verily, verily, I say unto thee, When thou wast young, thou girdedst thyself, and walkedst whither thou wouldest: but when thou shalt be old, thou shalt stretch forth thy hands, and another shall gird thee, and carry thee whither thou wouldest not." 2830, "And they truly were many priests, because they were not suffered to continue by reason of death:" 322, "The place of the scripture which he read was this, He was led as a sheep to the slaughter; and like a lamb dumb before his shearer, so opened he not his mouth:" 319, "And you, that were sometime alienated and enemies in your mind by wicked works, yet now hath he reconciled" 365, "And said unto him, Go, wash in the pool of Siloam, (which is by interpretation, Sent.) He went his way therefore, and washed, and came seeing." 309, "And through thy knowledge shall the weak brother perish, for whom Christ died?" 359, "For Paul had determined to sail by Ephesus, because he would not spend the time in Asia: for he hasted, if it were possible for him, to be at Jerusalem the day of Pentecost." 246, "I have shewed you all things, how that so labouring ye ought to support the weak, and to remember the words of the Lord Jesus, how he said, It is more blessed to give than to receive." 258, "His disciples say unto him, Master, the Jews of late sought to stone thee; and goest thou thither again?" 247, "In whom are hid all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge." 274, "Much every way: chiefly, because that unto them were committed the oracles of God." 341, "Holding faith, and a good conscience; which some having put away concerning faith have made shipwreck:" 357, "He answered and said, Who is he, Lord, that I might believe on him?" 259, "As he saith also in another place, Thou art a priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec." 342, "But God, who is rich in mercy, for his great love wherewith he loved us," 353, "And they also, if they abide not still in unbelief, shall be graffed in: for God is able to graff them in again." 294, "For if God spared not the natural branches, take heed lest he also spare not thee." 357, "Wherefore the law was our schoolmaster to bring us unto Christ, that we might be justified by faith." 366, "Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand." 359, "These things have I spoken unto you, being yet present with you." 279, "And herein I give my advice: for this is expedient for you, who have begun before, not only to do, but also to be forward a year ago." 212, "And again, when he bringeth in the firstbegotten into the world, he saith, And let all the angels of God worship him." 335, "And I heard a voice saying unto me, Arise, Peter; slay and eat." 255, "So when they continued asking him, he lifted up himself, and said unto them, He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her." 338, "For kings, and for all that are in authority; that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty." 382, "And immediately there fell from his eyes as it had been scales: and he received sight forthwith, and arose, and was baptized." 350, "So that ye come behind in no gift; waiting for the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ:" 299, "Now consider how great this man was, unto whom even the patriarch Abraham gave the tenth of the spoils." 330, "When he had said these words unto them, he abode still in Galilee." 240, "Not for that we have dominion over your faith, but are helpers of your joy: for by faith ye stand." 295, "Henceforth I call you not servants; for the servant knoweth not what his lord doeth: but I have called you friends; for all things that I have heard of my Father I have made known unto you." 303, "And we declare unto you glad tidings, how that the promise which was made unto the fathers," 296, "And after that many days were fulfilled, the Jews took counsel to kill him:" 238, "And many other signs truly did Jesus in the presence of his disciples, which are not written in this book:" 311, "These things have I spoken unto you in proverbs: but the time cometh, when I shall no more speak unto you in proverbs, but I shall shew you plainly of the Father." 242, "But if they cannot contain, let them marry: for it is better to marry than to burn." 324, "For whoremongers, for them that defile themselves with mankind, for menstealers, for liars, for perjured persons, and if there be any other thing that is contrary to sound doctrine;" 340, "Do we begin again to commend ourselves? or need we, as some others, epistles of commendation to you, or letters of commendation from you?" 293, "Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved." 372, "I thank my God, making mention of thee always in my prayers," 269, "For sin, taking occasion by the commandment, deceived me, and by it slew me." 297, "God forbid: yea, let God be true, but every man a liar; as it is written, That thou mightest be justified in thy sayings, and mightest overcome when thou art judged." 332, "But take heed lest by any means this liberty of yours become a stumblingblock to them that are weak." 346, "Ye observe days, and months, and times, and years." 373, "The wife is bound by the law as long as her husband liveth; but if her husband be dead, she is at liberty to be married to whom she will; only in the Lord." 304, "I am the door: by me if any man enter in, he shall be saved, and shall go in and out, and find pasture." 334, "And the keeper of the prison told this saying to Paul, The magistrates have sent to let you go: now therefore depart, and go in peace." 215, "But now is made manifest, and by the scriptures of the prophets, according to the commandment of the everlasting God, made known to all nations for the obedience of faith:" 353, "And we have sent with him the brother, whose praise is in the gospel throughout all the churches;" 240, "When he had heard therefore that he was sick, he abode two days still in the same place where he was." 244, "And was unknown by face unto the churches of Judaea which were in Christ:" 296, "What is my reward then? Verily that, when I preach the gospel, I may make the gospel of Christ without charge, that I abuse not my power in the gospel." 324, "If ye then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above, where Christ sitteth on the right hand of God." 370, "And after those days we took up our carriages, and went up to Jerusalem." 231, "Ye are my friends, if ye do whatsoever I command you." 34700, "But we preach Christ crucified, unto the Jews a stumblingblock, and unto the Greeks foolishness;" 340, "And he fell to the earth, and heard a voice saying unto him, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me?" 268, "Therefore, when he was gone out, Jesus said, Now is the Son of man glorified, and God is glorified in him." 196, "Then saith he to the disciple, Behold thy mother! And from that hour that disciple took her unto his own home." 350, "But he that prophesieth speaketh unto men to edification, and exhortation, and comfort." 347, "A little while, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little while, and ye shall see me, because I go to the Father." 240, "But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus." 324, "In my Father's house are many mansions: if it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you." 407, "In flaming fire taking vengeance on them that know not God, and that obey not the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ:" 243, "But Peter took him up, saying, Stand up; I myself also am a man." 307, "This they said, tempting him, that they might have to accuse him. But Jesus stooped down, and with his finger wrote on the ground, as though he heard them not." 332, "But one of the soldiers with a spear pierced his side, and forthwith came there out blood and water." 354, "Likewise the Spirit also helpeth our infirmities: for we know not what we should pray for as we ought: but the Spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered." 338, "I desired Titus, and with him I sent a brother. Did Titus make a gain of you? walked we not in the same spirit? walked we not in the same steps?" 231, "After these things were ended, Paul purposed in the spirit, when he had passed through Macedonia and Achaia, to go to Jerusalem, saying, After I have been there, I must also see Rome." 201, "The impotent man answered him, Sir, I have no man, when the water is troubled, to put me into the pool: but while I am coming, another steppeth down before me." 257, "That no flesh should glory in his presence." 559, "Now when these things were thus ordained, the priests went always into the first tabernacle, accomplishing the service of God." 286, "And many of the Jews came to Martha and Mary, to comfort them concerning their brother." 263, "But Saul increased the more in strength, and confounded the Jews which dwelt at Damascus, proving that this is very Christ." 260, "And the third day we cast out with our own hands the tackling of the ship." 220, "And as Paul was to be led into the castle, he said unto the chief captain, May I speak unto thee? Who said, Canst thou speak Greek?" 236, "Pilate therefore said unto him, Art thou a king then? Jesus answered, Thou sayest that I am a king. To this end was I born, and for this cause came I into the world, that I should bear witness unto the truth. Every one that is of the truth heareth my voice." 317, "For God hath not appointed us to wrath, but to obtain salvation by our Lord Jesus Christ," 326, "For a certain man named Demetrius, a silversmith, which made silver shrines for Diana, brought no small gain unto the craftsmen;" 231, "Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the commandment of God our Saviour, and Lord Jesus Christ, which is our hope;" 251, "O wretched man that I am! who shall deliver me from the body of this death?" 329, "Ye yourselves bear me witness, that I said, I am not the Christ, but that I am sent before him." 264, "But as touching brotherly love ye need not that I write unto you: for ye yourselves are taught of God to love one another." 242, "For we being many are one bread, and one body: for we are all partakers of that one bread." 320, "Remember ye not, that, when I was yet with you, I told you these things?" 397, "For ye are dead, and your life is hid with Christ in God." 400, "What manner of saying is this that he said, Ye shall seek me, and shall not find me: and where I am, thither ye cannot come?" 189, "For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:" 380, "Giving no offence in any thing, that the ministry be not blamed:" 306, "For to be carnally minded is death; but to be spiritually minded is life and peace." 362, "Did I make a gain of you by any of them whom I sent unto you?" 224, "Nevertheless God, that comforteth those that are cast down, comforted us by the coming of Titus;" 274, "Even as the testimony of Christ was confirmed in you:" 231, "Now about the midst of the feast Jesus went up into the temple, and taught." 277, "And the high priest Ananias commanded them that stood by him to smite him on the mouth." 283, "How can ye believe, which receive honour one of another, and seek not the honour that cometh from God only?" 277, "And with these sayings scarce restrained they the people, that they had not done sacrifice unto them." 230, "And there are differences of administrations, but the same Lord." 332, "Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God." 388, "Say not ye, There are yet four months, and then cometh harvest? behold, I say unto you, Lift up your eyes, and look on the fields; for they are white already to harvest." 322, "The God of our fathers raised up Jesus, whom ye slew and hanged on a tree." 267, "Whom the heaven must receive until the times of restitution of all things, which God hath spoken by the mouth of all his holy prophets since the world began." 381, "Neither can they prove the things whereof they now accuse me." 272, "Judas then, having received a band of men and officers from the chief priests and Pharisees, cometh thither with lanterns and torches and weapons." 247, "Now there is at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool, which is called in the Hebrew tongue Bethesda, having five porches." 250, "Whom they set before the apostles: and when they had prayed, they laid their hands on them." 276, "Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked." 366, "For which cause also I have been much hindered from coming to you." 184, "And we sailed away from Philippi after the days of unleavened bread, and came unto them to Troas in five days; where we abode seven days." 229, "But we will not boast of things without our measure, but according to the measure of the rule which God hath distributed to us, a measure to reach even unto you." 271, "Paul, called to be an apostle of Jesus Christ through the will of God, and Sosthenes our brother," 206, "And God, which knoweth the hearts, bare them witness, giving them the Holy Ghost, even as he did unto us;" 296, "Him God raised up the third day, and shewed him openly;" 274, "And they departed from the presence of the council, rejoicing that they were counted worthy to suffer shame for his name." 247, "But not as the offence, so also is the free gift. For if through the offence of one many be dead, much more the grace of God, and the gift by grace, which is by one man, Jesus Christ, hath abounded unto many." 329, "Consider what I say; and the Lord give thee understanding in all things." 295, "And that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the glory of God the Father." 409, "There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink." 296, "Timotheus my workfellow, and Lucius, and Jason, and Sosipater, my kinsmen, salute you." 289, "And I said, What shall I do, Lord? And the Lord said unto me, Arise, and go into Damascus; and there it shall be told thee of all things which are appointed for thee to do." 263, "And when Paul's sister's son heard of their lying in wait, he went and entered into the castle, and told Paul." 208, "For the poor always ye have with you; but me ye have not always." 149, "And the patriarchs, moved with envy, sold Joseph into Egypt: but God was with him," 187, "Peter therefore was kept in prison: but prayer was made without ceasing of the church unto God for him." 292, "And let ours also learn to maintain good works for necessary uses, that they be not unfruitful." 280, "Though Jesus himself baptized not, but his disciples,)" 536, "But in every nation he that feareth him, and worketh righteousness, is accepted with him." 387, "Commanding his accusers to come unto thee: by examining of whom thyself mayest take knowledge of all these things, whereof we accuse him." 226, "And every man went unto his own house." 371, "And he bearing his cross went forth into a place called the place of a skull, which is called in the Hebrew Golgotha:" 275, "For they that dwell at Jerusalem, and their rulers, because they knew him not, nor yet the voices of the prophets which are read every sabbath day, they have fulfilled them in condemning him." 235, "And when Gallio was the deputy of Achaia, the Jews made insurrection with one accord against Paul, and brought him to the judgment seat," 239, "This charge I commit unto thee, son Timothy, according to the prophecies which went before on thee, that thou by them mightest war a good warfare;" 336, "And a certain woman named Lydia, a seller of purple, of the city of Thyatira, which worshipped God, heard us: whose heart the Lord opened, that she attended unto the things which were spoken of Paul." 268, "Wherefore henceforth know we no man after the flesh: yea, though we have known Christ after the flesh, yet now henceforth know we him no more." 342, "But these are written, that ye might believe that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of God; and that believing ye might have life through his name." 338, "Even the Spirit of truth; whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him: but ye know him; for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you." 347, "And we beseech you, brethren, to know them which labour among you, and are over you in the Lord, and admonish you;" 330, "And when we came to Rome, the centurion delivered the prisoners to the captain of the guard: but Paul was suffered to dwell by himself with a soldier that kept him." 247, "And he that was dead came forth, bound hand and foot with graveclothes: and his face was bound about with a napkin. Jesus saith unto them, Loose him, and let him go." 322, "Then gathered the chief priests and the Pharisees a council, and said, What do we? for this man doeth many miracles." 254, "But when Jacob heard that there was corn in Egypt, he sent out our fathers first." 207, "Moreover I call God for a record upon my soul, that to spare you I came not as yet unto Corinth." 228, "Who hath also sealed us, and given the earnest of the Spirit in our hearts." 305, "And there are also many other things which Jesus did, the which, if they should be written every one, I suppose that even the world itself could not contain the books that should be written. Amen." 299, "And this did she many days. But Paul, being grieved, turned and said to the spirit, I command thee in the name of Jesus Christ to come out of her. And he came out the same hour." 327, "And not only so, but we glory in tribulations also: knowing that tribulation worketh patience;" 338, "And when they had set them in the midst, they asked, By what power, or by what name, have ye done this?" 269, "Then Saul, (who also is called Paul,) filled with the Holy Ghost, set his eyes on him," 292, "Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Before Abraham was, I am." 341, "That your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God." 400, "I can of mine own self do nothing: as I hear, I judge: and my judgment is just; because I seek not mine own will, but the will of the Father which hath sent me." 320, "All things are lawful unto me, but all things are not expedient: all things are lawful for me, but I will not be brought under the power of any." 357, "But the Lord said unto him, Go thy way: for he is a chosen vessel unto me, to bear my name before the Gentiles, and kings, and the children of Israel:" 292, "For in eating every one taketh before other his own supper: and one is hungry, and another is drunken." 285, "Then cometh he to Simon Peter: and Peter saith unto him, Lord, dost thou wash my feet?" 298, "Whose soever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them; and whose soever sins ye retain, they are retained." 285, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, Except a corn of wheat fall into the ground and die, it abideth alone: but if it die, it bringeth forth much fruit." 344, "And the rest, some on boards, and some on broken pieces of the ship. And so it came to pass, that they escaped all safe to land." 259, "For we dare not make ourselves of the number, or compare ourselves with some that commend themselves: but they measuring themselves by themselves, and comparing themselves among themselves, are not wise." 376, "For this thing I besought the Lord thrice, that it might depart from me." 343, "Where is the wise? where is the scribe? where is the disputer of this world? hath not God made foolish the wisdom of this world?" 264, "Every man according as he purposeth in his heart, so let him give; not grudgingly, or of necessity: for God loveth a cheerful giver." 403, "In whom all the building fitly framed together groweth unto an holy temple in the Lord:" 372, "Yea, and if I be offered upon the sacrifice and service of your faith, I joy, and rejoice with you all." 260, "And it came to pass, that after three days Paul called the chief of the Jews together: and when they were come together, he said unto them, Men and brethren, though I have committed nothing against the people, or customs of our fathers, yet was I delivered prisoner from Jerusalem into the hands of the Romans." 216, "And other sheep I have, which are not of this fold: them also I must bring, and they shall hear my voice; and there shall be one fold, and one shepherd." 354, "Then sent Joseph, and called his father Jacob to him, and all his kindred, threescore and fifteen souls." 215, "And many of the brethren in the Lord, waxing confident by my bonds, are much more bold to speak the word without fear." 287, "The Pharisees therefore said among themselves, Perceive ye how ye prevail nothing? behold, the world is gone after him." 222, "He saith to him again the second time, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me? He saith unto him, Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I love thee. He saith unto him, Feed my sheep." 312, "And all that dwelt at Lydda and Saron saw him, and turned to the Lord." 233, "And withal they learn to be idle, wandering about from house to house; and not only idle, but tattlers also and busybodies, speaking things which they ought not." 327, "I Tertius, who wrote this epistle, salute you in the Lord." 235, "Them that sin rebuke before all, that others also may fear." 315, "Greet all the brethren with an holy kiss." 440, "And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove them." 307, "And when we had launched from thence, we sailed under Cyprus, because the winds were contrary." 231, "I charge thee therefore before God, and the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall judge the quick and the dead at his appearing and his kingdom;" 362, "If they shall fall away, to renew them again unto repentance; seeing they crucify to themselves the Son of God afresh, and put him to an open shame." 397, "And they neither found me in the temple disputing with any man, neither raising up the people, neither in the synagogues, nor in the city:" 226, "And the spirits of the prophets are subject to the prophets." 150, "Who goeth a warfare any time at his own charges? who planteth a vineyard, and eateth not of the fruit thereof? or who feedeth a flock, and eateth not of the milk of the flock?" 245, "He then having received the sop went immediately out: and it was night." 271, "The woman saith unto him, Sir, give me this water, that I thirst not, neither come hither to draw." 270, "Wherefore we would have come unto you, even I Paul, once and again; but Satan hindered us." 346, "And when he met with us at Assos, we took him in, and came to Mitylene." 179, "Now Jesus was not yet come into the town, but was in that place where Martha met him." 212, "O the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and knowledge of God! how unsearchable are his judgments, and his ways past finding out!" 321, "Then saith he to Thomas, Reach hither thy finger, and behold my hands; and reach hither thy hand, and thrust it into my side: and be not faithless, but believing." 330, "For as yet they knew not the scripture, that he must rise again from the dead." 302, "And on the morrow, when Agrippa was come, and Bernice, with great pomp, and was entered into the place of hearing, with the chief captains, and principal men of the city, at Festus' commandment Paul was brought forth." 208, "And almost all things are by the law purged with blood; and without shedding of blood is no remission." 356, "But whosoever drinketh of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst; but the water that I shall give him shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life." 380, "When he therefore was come up again, and had broken bread, and eaten, and talked a long while, even till break of day, so he departed." 231, "Then cried Jesus in the temple as he taught, saying, Ye both know me, and ye know whence I am: and I am not come of myself, but he that sent me is true, whom ye know not." 238, "For I bear him record, that he hath a great zeal for you, and them that are in Laodicea, and them in Hierapolis." 282, "But if any man say unto you, This is offered in sacrifice unto idols, eat not for his sake that shewed it, and for conscience sake: for the earth is the Lord's, and the fulness thereof:" 212, "And the people gave a shout, saying, It is the voice of a god, and not of a man." 277, "Then Jesus said unto them, Yet a little while is the light with you. Walk while ye have the light, lest darkness come upon you: for he that walketh in darkness knoweth not whither he goeth." 254, "For if the dead rise not, then is not Christ raised:" 305, "And they called Barnabas, Jupiter; and Paul, Mercurius, because he was the chief speaker." 257, "And let the peace of God rule in your hearts, to the which also ye are called in one body; and be ye thankful." 279, "For the law maketh men high priests which have infirmity; but the word of the oath, which was since the law, maketh the Son, who is consecrated for evermore." 317, "And such were some of you: but ye are washed, but ye are sanctified, but ye are justified in the name of the Lord Jesus, and by the Spirit of our God." 370, "Then saith Pilate unto him, Speakest thou not unto me? knowest thou not that I have power to crucify thee, and have power to release thee?" 262, "Finally, brethren, farewell. Be perfect, be of good comfort, be of one mind, live in peace; and the God of love and peace shall be with you." 346, "And I fell unto the ground, and heard a voice saying unto me, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me?" 278, "Am I not an apostle? am I not free? have I not seen Jesus Christ our Lord? are not ye my work in the Lord?" 267, "Then said the Lord to him, Put off thy shoes from thy feet: for the place where thou standest is holy ground." 210, "Rejoicing in hope; patient in tribulation; continuing instant in prayer;" 462, "And they that use this world, as not abusing it: for the fashion of this world passeth away." 240, "Therefore loosing from Troas, we came with a straight course to Samothracia, and the next day to Neapolis;" 219, "I thank God, whom I serve from my forefathers with pure conscience, that without ceasing I have remembrance of thee in my prayers night and day;" 287, "What advantage then hath the Jew? or what profit is there of circumcision?" 339, "For as many as have sinned without law shall also perish without law: and as many as have sinned in the law shall be judged by the law;" 302, "And again another scripture saith, They shall look on him whom they pierced." 329, "And when he had so said, there arose a dissension between the Pharisees and the Sadducees: and the multitude was divided." 283, "Wherefore I beseech you that ye would confirm your love toward him." 307, "But Festus answered, that Paul should be kept at Caesarea, and that he himself would depart shortly thither." 210, "And it was known throughout all Joppa; and many believed in the Lord." 223, "Professing themselves to be wise, they became fools," 554, "Knowing that Christ being raised from the dead dieth no more; death hath no more dominion over him." 360, "And when he was come unto us, he took Paul's girdle, and bound his own hands and feet, and said, Thus saith the Holy Ghost, So shall the Jews at Jerusalem bind the man that owneth this girdle, and shall deliver him into the hands of the Gentiles." 281, "Who by the mouth of thy servant David hast said, Why did the heathen rage, and the people imagine vain things?" 300, "The people answered him, We have heard out of the law that Christ abideth for ever: and how sayest thou, The Son of man must be lifted up? who is this Son of man?" 194, "The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen. " 234, "Not of works, lest any man should boast." 114000, "But they that will be rich fall into temptation and a snare, and into many foolish and hurtful lusts, which drown men in destruction and perdition." 356, "Which of you convinceth me of sin? And if I say the truth, why do ye not believe me?" 300, "And ye also shall bear witness, because ye have been with me from the beginning." 280, "And their word will eat as doth a canker: of whom is Hymenaeus and Philetus;" 344, "I say again, Let no man think me a fool; if otherwise, yet as a fool receive me, that I may boast myself a little." 235, "But this spake he of the Spirit, which they that believe on him should receive: for the Holy Ghost was not yet given; because that Jesus was not yet glorified.)" 355, "Nevertheless he left not himself without witness, in that he did good, and gave us rain from heaven, and fruitful seasons, filling our hearts with food and gladness." 275, "And I am sure that, when I come unto you, I shall come in the fulness of the blessing of the gospel of Christ." 218, "For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin." 363, "If ye had known me, ye should have known my Father also: and from henceforth ye know him, and have seen him." 320, "But if it be of God, ye cannot overthrow it; lest haply ye be found even to fight against God." 289, "To declare, I say, at this time his righteousness: that he might be just, and the justifier of him which believeth in Jesus." 368, "For the earnest expectation of the creature waiteth for the manifestation of the sons of God." 317, "But Peter said, Ananias, why hath Satan filled thine heart to lie to the Holy Ghost, and to keep back part of the price of the land?" 343, "That they should seek the Lord, if haply they might feel after him, and find him, though he be not far from every one of us:" 371, "Whensoever I take my journey into Spain, I will come to you: for I trust to see you in my journey, and to be brought on my way thitherward by you, if first I be somewhat filled with your company." 200, "And lest, when I come again, my God will humble me among you, and that I shall bewail many which have sinned already, and have not repented of the uncleanness and fornication and lasciviousness which they have committed." 238, "I say the truth in Christ, I lie not, my conscience also bearing me witness in the Holy Ghost," 305, "And when they had found him on the other side of the sea, they said unto him, Rabbi, when camest thou hither?" 193, "Then the deputy, when he saw what was done, believed, being astonished at the doctrine of the Lord." 261, "For if the trumpet give an uncertain sound, who shall prepare himself to the battle?" 328, "For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so them also which sleep in Jesus will God bring with him." 370, "There is one glory of the sun, and another glory of the moon, and another glory of the stars: for one star differeth from another star in glory." 340, "Which shew the work of the law written in their hearts, their conscience also bearing witness, and their thoughts the mean while accusing or else excusing one another;)" 309, "Now I beseech you, brethren, for the Lord Jesus Christ's sake, and for the love of the Spirit, that ye strive together with me in your prayers to God for me;" 272, "The day following, when the people which stood on the other side of the sea saw that there was none other boat there, save that one whereinto his disciples were entered, and that Jesus went not with his disciples into the boat, but that his disciples were gone away alone;" 187, "Saying unto Aaron, Make us gods to go before us: for as for this Moses, which brought us out of the land of Egypt, we wot not what is become of him." 241, "Even when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us together with Christ, (by grace ye are saved;)" 377, "And all mine are thine, and thine are mine; and I am glorified in them." 245, "Furthermore, when I came to Troas to preach Christ's gospel, and a door was opened unto me of the Lord," 273, "Jesus saith unto him, Thomas, because thou hast seen me, thou hast believed: blessed are they that have not seen, and yet have believed." 331, "Then Paul stood in the midst of Mars' hill, and said, Ye men of Athens, I perceive that in all things ye are too superstitious." 307, "Who now rejoice in my sufferings for you, and fill up that which is behind of the afflictions of Christ in my flesh for his body's sake, which is the church:" 283, "Now about that time Herod the king stretched forth his hands to vex certain of the church." 273, "The people therefore that was with him when he called Lazarus out of his grave, and raised him from the dead, bare record." 216, "Then God turned, and gave them up to worship the host of heaven; as it is written in the book of the prophets, O ye house of Israel, have ye offered to me slain beasts and sacrifices by the space of forty years in the wilderness?" 240, "Thou hast neither part nor lot in this matter: for thy heart is not right in the sight of God." 299, "And as we tarried there many days, there came down from Judaea a certain prophet, named Agabus." 295, "For all the law is fulfilled in one word, even in this; Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself." 274, "But we, brethren, being taken from you for a short time in presence, not in heart, endeavoured the more abundantly to see your face with great desire." 245, "To wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them; and hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation." 364, "And he said, Therefore said I unto you, that no man can come unto me, except it were given unto him of my Father." 303, "Now ye Philippians know also, that in the beginning of the gospel, when I departed from Macedonia, no church communicated with me as concerning giving and receiving, but ye only." 282, "And if Christ be not raised, your faith is vain; ye are yet in your sins." 320, "He answered them, I have told you already, and ye did not hear: wherefore would ye hear it again? will ye also be his disciples?" 262, "For he that in these things serveth Christ is acceptable to God, and approved of men." 315, "And all the city was moved, and the people ran together: and they took Paul, and drew him out of the temple: and forthwith the doors were shut." 227, "But strong meat belongeth to them that are of full age, even those who by reason of use have their senses exercised to discern both good and evil." 393, "Wherefore God also gave them up to uncleanness through the lusts of their own hearts, to dishonour their own bodies between themselves:" 352, "Ye sent unto John, and he bare witness unto the truth." 237, "Then said Paul, John verily baptized with the baptism of repentance, saying unto the people, that they should believe on him which should come after him, that is, on Christ Jesus." 354, "And provide them beasts, that they may set Paul on, and bring him safe unto Felix the governor." 202, "The officers answered, Never man spake like this man." 401, "Because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God." 315, "For the same cause also do ye joy, and rejoice with me." 207, "For if thou wert cut out of the olive tree which is wild by nature, and wert graffed contrary to nature into a good olive tree: how much more shall these, which be the natural branches, be graffed into their own olive tree?" 294, "As the Father knoweth me, even so know I the Father: and I lay down my life for the sheep." 314, "I beseech you, brethren, (ye know the house of Stephanas, that it is the firstfruits of Achaia, and that they have addicted themselves to the ministry of the saints,)" 285, "Blessed is the man to whom the Lord will not impute sin." 298, "For I perceive that thou art in the gall of bitterness, and in the bond of iniquity." 306, "See then that ye walk circumspectly, not as fools, but as wise," 299, "And the same time there arose no small stir about that way." 206, "He saw in a vision evidently about the ninth hour of the day an angel of God coming in to him, and saying unto him, Cornelius." 245, "Then Peter opened his mouth, and said, Of a truth I perceive that God is no respecter of persons:" 319, "Then said they unto him, Where is thy Father? Jesus answered, Ye neither know me, nor my Father: if ye had known me, ye should have known my Father also." 279, "But one in a certain place testified, saying, What is man, that thou art mindful of him? or the son of man, that thou visitest him?" 325, "But be it so, I did not burden you: nevertheless, being crafty, I caught you with guile." 255, "That the blessing of Abraham might come on the Gentiles through Jesus Christ; that we might receive the promise of the Spirit through faith." 360, "For what the law could not do, in that it was weak through the flesh, God sending his own Son in the likeness of sinful flesh, and for sin, condemned sin in the flesh:" 330, "So I sware in my wrath, They shall not enter into my rest.)" 299, "Or saith he it altogether for our sakes? For our sakes, no doubt, this is written: that he that ploweth should plow in hope; and that he that thresheth in hope should be partaker of his hope." 276, "Awake to righteousness, and sin not; for some have not the knowledge of God: I speak this to your shame." 285, "To the saints and faithful brethren in Christ which are at Colosse: Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ." 253, "This I say therefore, and testify in the Lord, that ye henceforth walk not as other Gentiles walk, in the vanity of their mind," 328, "Moreover it is required in stewards, that a man be found faithful." 380, "Unto the pure all things are pure: but unto them that are defiled and unbelieving is nothing pure; but even their mind and conscience is defiled." 362, "Now I beseech you, brethren, by the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that ye all speak the same thing, and that there be no divisions among you; but that ye be perfectly joined together in the same mind and in the same judgment." 379, "Not because we have not power, but to make ourselves an ensample unto you to follow us." 331, "Because that, when they knew God, they glorified him not as God, neither were thankful; but became vain in their imaginations, and their foolish heart was darkened." 384, "And when we had sailed slowly many days, and scarce were come over against Cnidus, the wind not suffering us, we sailed under Crete, over against Salmone;" 217, "Now the things which I write unto you, behold, before God, I lie not." 306, "By the word of truth, by the power of God, by the armour of righteousness on the right hand and on the left," 309, "For we are made partakers of Christ, if we hold the beginning of our confidence stedfast unto the end;" 348, "And this I do for the gospel's sake, that I might be partaker thereof with you." 305, "But Peter continued knocking: and when they had opened the door, and saw him, they were astonished." 255, "Greet Mary, who bestowed much labour on us." 340, "Doth our law judge any man, before it hear him, and know what he doeth?" 273, "Be kindly affectioned one to another with brotherly love; in honour preferring one another;" 391, "Do thy diligence to come shortly unto me:" 436, "But, beloved, we are persuaded better things of you, and things that accompany salvation, though we thus speak." 297, "Teaching us that, denying ungodliness and worldly lusts, we should live soberly, righteously, and godly, in this present world;" 384, "For of a truth against thy holy child Jesus, whom thou hast anointed, both Herod, and Pontius Pilate, with the Gentiles, and the people of Israel, were gathered together," 310, "But when Peter was come to Antioch, I withstood him to the face, because he was to be blamed." 312, "Sound speech, that cannot be condemned; that he that is of the contrary part may be ashamed, having no evil thing to say of you." 310, "For God is not unrighteous to forget your work and labour of love, which ye have shewed toward his name, in that ye have ministered to the saints, and do minister." 119, "If by any means I might attain unto the resurrection of the dead." 348, "I am the true vine, and my Father is the husbandman." 341, "That at that time ye were without Christ, being aliens from the commonwealth of Israel, and strangers from the covenants of promise, having no hope, and without God in the world:" 350, "And when even was now come, his disciples went down unto the sea," 206, "And Pilate wrote a title, and put it on the cross. And the writing was, JESUS OF NAZARETH THE KING OF THE JEWS." 266, "But I said, Not so, Lord: for nothing common or unclean hath at any time entered into my mouth." 236, "And art confident that thou thyself art a guide of the blind, a light of them which are in darkness," 249, "Grace be to you, and peace, from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ." 152, "And when Simon saw that through laying on of the apostles' hands the Holy Ghost was given, he offered them money," 297, "Who, when they came to Caesarea, and delivered the epistle to the governor, presented Paul also before him." 196, "When therefore I have performed this, and have sealed to them this fruit, I will come by you into Spain." 234, "Wherefore tongues are for a sign, not to them that believe, but to them that believe not: but prophesying serveth not for them that believe not, but for them which believe." 309, "As thou hast sent me into the world, even so have I also sent them into the world." 336, "Then said Jesus unto him, Except ye see signs and wonders, ye will not believe." 281, "That thou keep this commandment without spot, unrebukeable, until the appearing of our Lord Jesus Christ:" 332, "And went away again beyond Jordan into the place where John at first baptized; and there he abode." 216, "Now Peter and John went up together into the temple at the hour of prayer, being the ninth hour." 282, "After these things Paul departed from Athens, and came to Corinth;" 197, "Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also." 313, "And after the sop Satan entered into him. Then said Jesus unto him, That thou doest, do quickly." 286, "For there is no respect of persons with God." 282, "And did all drink the same spiritual drink: for they drank of that spiritual Rock that followed them: and that Rock was Christ." 320, "Your glorying is not good. Know ye not that a little leaven leaveneth the whole lump?" 337, "And whether we be afflicted, it is for your consolation and salvation, which is effectual in the enduring of the same sufferings which we also suffer: or whether we be comforted, it is for your consolation and salvation." 321, "Marcus, Aristarchus, Demas, Lucas, my fellowlabourers." 2440, "Except it be for this one voice, that I cried standing among them, Touching the resurrection of the dead I am called in question by you this day." 230, "For God hath not called us unto uncleanness, but unto holiness." 381, "But by what means he now seeth, we know not; or who hath opened his eyes, we know not: he is of age; ask him: he shall speak for himself." 223, "If a man on the sabbath day receive circumcision, that the law of Moses should not be broken; are ye angry at me, because I have made a man every whit whole on the sabbath day?" 258, "Then Agrippa said unto Festus, I would also hear the man myself. To morrow, said he, thou shalt hear him." 189, "For our gospel came not unto you in word only, but also in power, and in the Holy Ghost, and in much assurance; as ye know what manner of men we were among you for your sake." 342, "I verily thought with myself, that I ought to do many things contrary to the name of Jesus of Nazareth." 12100, "Against an elder receive not an accusation, but before two or three witnesses." 353, "And some of them believed, and consorted with Paul and Silas; and of the devout Greeks a great multitude, and of the chief women not a few." 267, "But when ye sin so against the brethren, and wound their weak conscience, ye sin against Christ." 374, "For every man shall bear his own burden." 562, "Him hath God exalted with his right hand to be a Prince and a Saviour, for to give repentance to Israel, and forgiveness of sins." 250, "And when all things shall be subdued unto him, then shall the Son also himself be subject unto him that put all things under him, that God may be all in all." 328, "For I know that in me (that is, in my flesh,) dwelleth no good thing: for to will is present with me; but how to perform that which is good I find not." 365, "And I seek not mine own glory: there is one that seeketh and judgeth." 244, "Brethren, I speak after the manner of men; Though it be but a man's covenant, yet if it be confirmed, no man disannulleth, or addeth thereto." 3720, "For if there be first a willing mind, it is accepted according to that a man hath, and not according to that he hath not." 320, "For though I preach the gospel, I have nothing to glory of: for necessity is laid upon me; yea, woe is unto me, if I preach not the gospel!" 362, "I am the good shepherd: the good shepherd giveth his life for the sheep." 342, "And when they heard these sayings, they were full of wrath, and cried out, saying, Great is Diana of the Ephesians." 267, "And they brought the young man alive, and were not a little comforted." 166, "For our rejoicing is this, the testimony of our conscience, that in simplicity and godly sincerity, not with fleshly wisdom, but by the grace of God, we have had our conversation in the world, and more abundantly to you-ward." 281, "And the multitude of them that believed were of one heart and of one soul: neither said any of them that ought of the things which he possessed was his own; but they had all things common." 316, "But ye know the proof of him, that, as a son with the father, he hath served with me in the gospel." 240, "Be not overcome of evil, but overcome evil with good." 373, "But them that are without God judgeth. Therefore put away from among yourselves that wicked person." 357, "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life." 1020000, "For it is written, As I live, saith the Lord, every knee shall bow to me, and every tongue shall confess to God." 362, "And now I say unto you, Refrain from these men, and let them alone: for if this counsel or this work be of men, it will come to nought:" 278, "Who died for us, that, whether we wake or sleep, we should live together with him." 351, "For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged." 260, "For his letters, say they, are weighty and powerful; but his bodily presence is weak, and his speech contemptible." 267, "And base things of the world, and things which are despised, hath God chosen, yea, and things which are not, to bring to nought things that are:" 270, "And I give unto them eternal life; and they shall never perish, neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand." 372, "Pilate then went out unto them, and said, What accusation bring ye against this man?" 210, "But we are bound to give thanks alway to God for you, brethren beloved of the Lord, because God hath from the beginning chosen you to salvation through sanctification of the Spirit and belief of the truth:" 359, "Which was well reported of by the brethren that were at Lystra and Iconium." 254, "I thank God that I baptized none of you, but Crispus and Gaius;" 207, "And this is the Father's will which hath sent me, that of all which he hath given me I should lose nothing, but should raise it up again at the last day." 320, "Then there arose certain of the synagogue, which is called the synagogue of the Libertines, and Cyrenians, and Alexandrians, and of them of Cilicia and of Asia, disputing with Stephen." 293, "Remember that Jesus Christ of the seed of David was raised from the dead according to my gospel:" 329, "If ye continue in the faith grounded and settled, and be not moved away from the hope of the gospel, which ye have heard, and which was preached to every creature which is under heaven; whereof I Paul am made a minister;" 316, "When Jesus then lifted up his eyes, and saw a great company come unto him, he saith unto Philip, Whence shall we buy bread, that these may eat?" 208, "Who, when they had examined me, would have let me go, because there was no cause of death in me." 220, "If ye abide in me, and my words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you." 351, "Wherefore ye must needs be subject, not only for wrath, but also for conscience sake." 338, "Which is not another; but there be some that trouble you, and would pervert the gospel of Christ." 362, "But to him that worketh not, but believeth on him that justifieth the ungodly, his faith is counted for righteousness." 250, "Paul, a prisoner of Jesus Christ, and Timothy our brother, unto Philemon our dearly beloved, and fellowlabourer," 2910, "With good will doing service, as to the Lord, and not to men:" 318, "And when they heard that, they entered into the temple early in the morning, and taught. But the high priest came, and they that were with him, and called the council together, and all the senate of the children of Israel, and sent to the prison to have them brought." 210, "Let no man deceive himself. If any man among you seemeth to be wise in this world, let him become a fool, that he may be wise." 372, "And last of all he was seen of me also, as of one born out of due time." 306, "Whom I have sent again: thou therefore receive him, that is, mine own bowels:" 267, "And saying, Sirs, why do ye these things? We also are men of like passions with you, and preach unto you that ye should turn from these vanities unto the living God, which made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and all things that are therein:" 268, "For this is the word of promise, At this time will I come, and Sara shall have a son." 216, "Now there are diversities of gifts, but the same Spirit." 291, "For there are many unruly and vain talkers and deceivers, specially they of the circumcision:" 309, "And the voice spake unto him again the second time, What God hath cleansed, that call not thou common." 297, "My Father, which gave them me, is greater than all; and no man is able to pluck them out of my Father's hand." 341, "And he said, Lord, I believe. And he worshipped him." 171, "The Lord give mercy unto the house of Onesiphorus; for he oft refreshed me, and was not ashamed of my chain:" 258, "Some said, This is he: others said, He is like him: but he said, I am he." 257, "And they called them, and commanded them not to speak at all nor teach in the name of Jesus." 243, "And daily in the temple, and in every house, they ceased not to teach and preach Jesus Christ." 269, "Saying, I will declare thy name unto my brethren, in the midst of the church will I sing praise unto thee." 339, "Because the foolishness of God is wiser than men; and the weakness of God is stronger than men." 283, "Then came Jesus forth, wearing the crown of thorns, and the purple robe. And Pilate saith unto them, Behold the man!" 272, "Speaking lies in hypocrisy; having their conscience seared with a hot iron;" 322, "Wherefore he saith, Awake thou that sleepest, and arise from the dead, and Christ shall give thee light." 292, "Be it known therefore unto you, that the salvation of God is sent unto the Gentiles, and that they will hear it." 301, "Now are we sure that thou knowest all things, and needest not that any man should ask thee: by this we believe that thou camest forth from God." 3250, "Seeing then that these things cannot be spoken against, ye ought to be quiet, and to do nothing rashly." 244, "And when James, Cephas, and John, who seemed to be pillars, perceived the grace that was given unto me, they gave to me and Barnabas the right hands of fellowship; that we should go unto the heathen, and they unto the circumcision." 297, "For when ye were the servants of sin, ye were free from righteousness." 332, "And when Herod had sought for him, and found him not, he examined the keepers, and commanded that they should be put to death. And he went down from Judaea to Caesarea, and there abode." 230, "O death, where is thy sting? O grave, where is thy victory?" 433, "Praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, and watching thereunto with all perseverance and supplication for all saints;" 327, "Do therefore this that we say to thee: We have four men which have a vow on them;" 252, "Fight the good fight of faith, lay hold on eternal life, whereunto thou art also called, and hast professed a good profession before many witnesses." 391, "While he answered for himself, Neither against the law of the Jews, neither against the temple, nor yet against Caesar, have I offended any thing at all." 254, "Now to him that is of power to stablish you according to my gospel, and the preaching of Jesus Christ, according to the revelation of the mystery, which was kept secret since the world began," 328, "But have renounced the hidden things of dishonesty, not walking in craftiness, nor handling the word of God deceitfully; but by manifestation of the truth commending ourselves to every man's conscience in the sight of God." 347, "But if ye be led of the Spirit, ye are not under the law." 311, "Now some are puffed up, as though I would not come to you." 211, "And when Herod would have brought him forth, the same night Peter was sleeping between two soldiers, bound with two chains: and the keepers before the door kept the prison." 311, "Now there came a dearth over all the land of Egypt and Chanaan, and great affliction: and our fathers found no sustenance." 188, "What shall we say then? Is there unrighteousness with God? God forbid." 319, "Forbearing one another, and forgiving one another, if any man have a quarrel against any: even as Christ forgave you, so also do ye." 339, "We who are Jews by nature, and not sinners of the Gentiles," 301, "Let us walk honestly, as in the day; not in rioting and drunkenness, not in chambering and wantonness, not in strife and envying." 309, "O foolish Galatians, who hath bewitched you, that ye should not obey the truth, before whose eyes Jesus Christ hath been evidently set forth, crucified among you?" 325, "Peter then denied again: and immediately the cock crew." 301, "But those things, which God before had shewed by the mouth of all his prophets, that Christ should suffer, he hath so fulfilled." 324, "And no man hath ascended up to heaven, but he that came down from heaven, even the Son of man which is in heaven." 351, "For it is sanctified by the word of God and prayer." 266, "Ye are all the children of light, and the children of the day: we are not of the night, nor of darkness." 338, "After this man rose up Judas of Galilee in the days of the taxing, and drew away much people after him: he also perished; and all, even as many as obeyed him, were dispersed." 282, "By honour and dishonour, by evil report and good report: as deceivers, and yet true;" 325, "Save that the Holy Ghost witnesseth in every city, saying that bonds and afflictions abide me." 258, "He that speaketh in an unknown tongue edifieth himself; but he that prophesieth edifieth the church." 325, "To them that are without law, as without law, (being not without law to God, but under the law to Christ,) that I might gain them that are without law." 332, "And likewise also the men, leaving the natural use of the woman, burned in their lust one toward another; men with men working that which is unseemly, and receiving in themselves that recompence of their error which was meet." 351, "And so, after he had patiently endured, he obtained the promise." 299, "And the brethren immediately sent away Paul and Silas by night unto Berea: who coming thither went into the synagogue of the Jews." 197, "Now unto the King eternal, immortal, invisible, the only wise God, be honour and glory for ever and ever. Amen." 361, "And now, O Father, glorify thou me with thine own self with the glory which I had with thee before the world was." 383, "But and if thou marry, thou hast not sinned; and if a virgin marry, she hath not sinned. Nevertheless such shall have trouble in the flesh: but I spare you." 283, "So mightily grew the word of God and prevailed." 564, "Of this man's seed hath God according to his promise raised unto Israel a Saviour, Jesus:" 274, "But though I be rude in speech, yet not in knowledge; but we have been throughly made manifest among you in all things." 233, "Of whom is Hymenaeus and Alexander; whom I have delivered unto Satan, that they may learn not to blaspheme." 361, "Jesus said unto them, If God were your Father, ye would love me: for I proceeded forth and came from God; neither came I of myself, but he sent me." 305, "And it shall come to pass in the last days, saith God, I will pour out of my Spirit upon all flesh: and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your young men shall see visions, and your old men shall dream dreams:" 308, "Then Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Moses gave you not that bread from heaven; but my Father giveth you the true bread from heaven." 250, "And when she knew Peter's voice, she opened not the gate for gladness, but ran in, and told how Peter stood before the gate." 255, "But thou, O man of God, flee these things; and follow after righteousness, godliness, faith, love, patience, meekness." 341, "Nor consider that it is expedient for us, that one man should die for the people, and that the whole nation perish not." 269, "Then Peter, filled with the Holy Ghost, said unto them, Ye rulers of the people, and elders of Israel," 298, "Christ hath redeemed us from the curse of the law, being made a curse for us: for it is written, Cursed is every one that hangeth on a tree:" 360, "And it may be that I will abide, yea, and winter with you, that ye may bring me on my journey whithersoever I go." 224, "For the children being not yet born, neither having done any good or evil, that the purpose of God according to election might stand, not of works, but of him that calleth;)" 329, "And all that sat in the council, looking stedfastly on him, saw his face as it had been the face of an angel." 294, "The same heard Paul speak: who stedfastly beholding him, and perceiving that he had faith to be healed," 280, "Exhort servants to be obedient unto their own masters, and to please them well in all things; not answering again;" 314, "After that he poureth water into a bason, and began to wash the disciples' feet, and to wipe them with the towel wherewith he was girded." 319, "Circumcision is nothing, and uncircumcision is nothing, but the keeping of the commandments of God." 267, "So they, being sent forth by the Holy Ghost, departed unto Seleucia; and from thence they sailed to Cyprus." 304, "So then neither is he that planteth any thing, neither he that watereth; but God that giveth the increase." 326, "When the people therefore saw that Jesus was not there, neither his disciples, they also took shipping, and came to Capernaum, seeking for Jesus." 198, "That the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him:" 321, "That the man of God may be perfect, throughly furnished unto all good works." 434, "Wherefore be ye not unwise, but understanding what the will of the Lord is." 328, "And did all eat the same spiritual meat;" 512, "Doth not behave itself unseemly, seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinketh no evil;" 458, "Father, I will that they also, whom thou hast given me, be with me where I am; that they may behold my glory, which thou hast given me: for thou lovedst me before the foundation of the world." 318, "Idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, emulations, wrath, strife, seditions, heresies," 793, "But when the Jews spake against it, I was constrained to appeal unto Caesar; not that I had ought to accuse my nation of." 195, "Ye are not straitened in us, but ye are straitened in your own bowels." 287, "Yea, and all the prophets from Samuel and those that follow after, as many as have spoken, have likewise foretold of these days." 348, "Now if I do that I would not, it is no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me." 340, "And there were many lights in the upper chamber, where they were gathered together." 235, "Now concerning spiritual gifts, brethren, I would not have you ignorant." 280, "Moreover the law entered, that the offence might abound. But where sin abounded, grace did much more abound:" 353, "And herein is that saying true, One soweth, and another reapeth." 3410, "These things said Esaias, when he saw his glory, and spake of him." 237, "And they said unto her, Thou art mad. But she constantly affirmed that it was even so. Then said they, It is his angel." 263, "For as I passed by, and beheld your devotions, I found an altar with this inscription, TO THE UNKNOWN GOD. Whom therefore ye ignorantly worship, him declare I unto you." 307, "But unto them that are contentious, and do not obey the truth, but obey unrighteousness, indignation and wrath," 336, "Know ye therefore that they which are of faith, the same are the children of Abraham." 294, "But I keep under my body, and bring it into subjection: lest that by any means, when I have preached to others, I myself should be a castaway." 386, "There salute thee Epaphras, my fellowprisoner in Christ Jesus;" 413, "Saying, Give me also this power, that on whomsoever I lay hands, he may receive the Holy Ghost." 341, "As ye also learned of Epaphras our dear fellowservant, who is for you a faithful minister of Christ;" 229, "For he is our peace, who hath made both one, and hath broken down the middle wall of partition between us;" 349, "Do we provoke the Lord to jealousy? are we stronger than he?" 284, "And many that believed came, and confessed, and shewed their deeds." 284, "As touching the Gentiles which believe, we have written and concluded that they observe no such thing, save only that they keep themselves from things offered to idols, and from blood, and from strangled, and from fornication." 290, "Do ye not know that the saints shall judge the world? and if the world shall be judged by you, are ye unworthy to judge the smallest matters?" 348, "And when he had so said, he shewed unto them his hands and his side. Then were the disciples glad, when they saw the Lord." 278, "I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith:" 422, "Which he had promised afore by his prophets in the holy scriptures,)" 299, "Can any man forbid water, that these should not be baptized, which have received the Holy Ghost as well as we?" 353, "For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation." 411, "And they came and besought them, and brought them out, and desired them to depart out of the city." 209, "But Paul said unto them, They have beaten us openly uncondemned, being Romans, and have cast us into prison; and now do they thrust us out privily? nay verily; but let them come themselves and fetch us out." 209, "I in them, and thou in me, that they may be made perfect in one; and that the world may know that thou hast sent me, and hast loved them, as thou hast loved me." 341, "But I have all, and abound: I am full, having received of Epaphroditus the things which were sent from you, an odour of a sweet smell, a sacrifice acceptable, wellpleasing to God." 286, "Now Annas had sent him bound unto Caiaphas the high priest." 305, "And he gave heed unto them, expecting to receive something of them." 286, "For therefore we both labour and suffer reproach, because we trust in the living God, who is the Saviour of all men, specially of those that believe." 337, "And the next day he shewed himself unto them as they strove, and would have set them at one again, saying, Sirs, ye are brethren; why do ye wrong one to another?" 176, "And, hardly passing it, came unto a place which is called The fair havens; nigh whereunto was the city of Lasea." 1780, "I am crucified with Christ: nevertheless I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me: and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by the faith of the Son of God, who loved me, and gave himself for me." 373, "Then said Jesus unto them, When ye have lifted up the Son of man, then shall ye know that I am he, and that I do nothing of myself; but as my Father hath taught me, I speak these things." 279, "Only let your conversation be as it becometh the gospel of Christ: that whether I come and see you, or else be absent, I may hear of your affairs, that ye stand fast in one spirit, with one mind striving together for the faith of the gospel;" 294, "Praising God, and having favour with all the people. And the Lord added to the church daily such as should be saved." 362, "Let nothing be done through strife or vainglory; but in lowliness of mind let each esteem other better than themselves." 334, "But we believe that through the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ we shall be saved, even as they." 99, "And it shall come to pass, that every soul, which will not hear that prophet, shall be destroyed from among the people." 346, "For Moses describeth the righteousness which is of the law, That the man which doeth those things shall live by them." 342, "Where we found brethren, and were desired to tarry with them seven days: and so we went toward Rome." 219, "And after the uproar was ceased, Paul called unto him the disciples, and embraced them, and departed for to go into Macedonia." 204, "The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death." 470, "Jesus answered and said unto them, This is the work of God, that ye believe on him whom he hath sent." 228, "This he said, not that he cared for the poor; but because he was a thief, and had the bag, and bare what was put therein." 296, "Whereunto I am appointed a preacher, and an apostle, and a teacher of the Gentiles." 272, "So that we ourselves glory in you in the churches of God for your patience and faith in all your persecutions and tribulations that ye endure:" 11700, "Ye judge after the flesh; I judge no man." 285, "And straightway he preached Christ in the synagogues, that he is the Son of God." 221, "But unto them which are called, both Jews and Greeks, Christ the power of God, and the wisdom of God." 282, "This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come." 374, "Now in this that I declare unto you I praise you not, that ye come together not for the better, but for the worse." 249, "Being then made free from sin, ye became the servants of righteousness." 378, "And were all baptized unto Moses in the cloud and in the sea;" 321, "That as sin hath reigned unto death, even so might grace reign through righteousness unto eternal life by Jesus Christ our Lord." 332, "Lay hands suddenly on no man, neither be partaker of other men's sins: keep thyself pure." 293, "To Titus, mine own son after the common faith: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ our Saviour." 289, "And when he had saluted them, he declared particularly what things God had wrought among the Gentiles by his ministry." 230, "In the last day, that great day of the feast, Jesus stood and cried, saying, If any man thirst, let him come unto me, and drink." 299, "And he shook off the beast into the fire, and felt no harm." 278, "Who, being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God:" 340, "Then said the chief priests of the Jews to Pilate, Write not, The King of the Jews; but that he said, I am King of the Jews." 263, "And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Believest thou this?" 414, "Then fearing lest we should have fallen upon rocks, they cast four anchors out of the stern, and wished for the day." 223, "And some of them were men of Cyprus and Cyrene, which, when they were come to Antioch, spake unto the Grecians, preaching the Lord Jesus." 271, "And this is the will of him that sent me, that every one which seeth the Son, and believeth on him, may have everlasting life: and I will raise him up at the last day." 332, "Why was not this ointment sold for three hundred pence, and given to the poor?" 301, "For I long to see you, that I may impart unto you some spiritual gift, to the end ye may be established;" 258, "Now when they saw the boldness of Peter and John, and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men, they marvelled; and they took knowledge of them, that they had been with Jesus." 14200, "That the communication of thy faith may become effectual by the acknowledging of every good thing which is in you in Christ Jesus." 338, "That good thing which was committed unto thee keep by the Holy Ghost which dwelleth in us." 314, "But some man will say, How are the dead raised up? and with what body do they come?" 289, "Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise." 307, "For ye know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that, though he was rich, yet for your sakes he became poor, that ye through his poverty might be rich." 358, "And Peter answered unto her, Tell me whether ye sold the land for so much? And she said, Yea, for so much." 313, "They say unto him, Master, this woman was taken in adultery, in the very act." 339, "Are they Hebrews? so am I. Are they Israelites? so am I. Are they the seed of Abraham? so am I." 241, "And David saith, Let their table be made a snare, and a trap, and a stumblingblock, and a recompence unto them:" 250, "And many more believed because of his own word;" 349, "That ye receive her in the Lord, as becometh saints, and that ye assist her in whatsoever business she hath need of you: for she hath been a succourer of many, and of myself also." 279, "And Paul chose Silas, and departed, being recommended by the brethren unto the grace of God." 265, "What shall we then say to these things? If God be for us, who can be against us?" 265, "But if I tarry long, that thou mayest know how thou oughtest to behave thyself in the house of God, which is the church of the living God, the pillar and ground of the truth." 331, "I therefore, the prisoner of the Lord, beseech you that ye walk worthy of the vocation wherewith ye are called," 296, "For by him were all things created, that are in heaven, and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones, or dominions, or principalities, or powers: all things were created by him, and for him:" 404, "Who shall be punished with everlasting destruction from the presence of the Lord, and from the glory of his power;" 342, "Let the elders that rule well be counted worthy of double honour, especially they who labour in the word and doctrine." 334, "Upon the first day of the week let every one of you lay by him in store, as God hath prospered him, that there be no gatherings when I come." 380, "Whereunto I am ordained a preacher, and an apostle, (I speak the truth in Christ, and lie not;) a teacher of the Gentiles in faith and verity." 311, "Which in his times he shall shew, who is the blessed and only Potentate, the King of kings, and Lord of lords;" 332, "Jesus therefore, knowing all things that should come upon him, went forth, and said unto them, Whom seek ye?" 272, "Therefore that disciple whom Jesus loved saith unto Peter, It is the Lord. Now when Simon Peter heard that it was the Lord, he girt his fisher's coat unto him, (for he was naked,) and did cast himself into the sea." 272, "For if Jesus had given them rest, then would he not afterward have spoken of another day." 331, "Speaking to yourselves in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord;" 373, "And when we were all fallen to the earth, I heard a voice speaking unto me, and saying in the Hebrew tongue, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me? it is hard for thee to kick against the pricks." 326, "If by any means I may provoke to emulation them which are my flesh, and might save some of them." 295, "Perverse disputings of men of corrupt minds, and destitute of the truth, supposing that gain is godliness: from such withdraw thyself." 381, "For unclean spirits, crying with loud voice, came out of many that were possessed with them: and many taken with palsies, and that were lame, were healed." 331, "Testifying both to the Jews, and also to the Greeks, repentance toward God, and faith toward our Lord Jesus Christ." 318, "Lord, they have killed thy prophets, and digged down thine altars; and I am left alone, and they seek my life." 314, "Blessed be God, even the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of mercies, and the God of all comfort;" 331, "For behold this selfsame thing, that ye sorrowed after a godly sort, what carefulness it wrought in you, yea, what clearing of yourselves, yea, what indignation, yea, what fear, yea, what vehement desire, yea, what zeal, yea, what revenge! In all things ye have approved yourselves to be clear in this matter." 320, "The people answered and said, Thou hast a devil: who goeth about to kill thee?" 242, "And because he saw it pleased the Jews, he proceeded further to take Peter also. (Then were the days of unleavened bread.)" 323, "Now unto him that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think, according to the power that worketh in us," 397, "But ye have a custom, that I should release unto you one at the passover: will ye therefore that I release unto you the King of the Jews?" 268, "And not by his coming only, but by the consolation wherewith he was comforted in you, when he told us your earnest desire, your mourning, your fervent mind toward me; so that I rejoiced the more." 257, "Let not a widow be taken into the number under threescore years old, having been the wife of one man," 279, "Notwithstanding ye have well done, that ye did communicate with my affliction." 269, "Then the high priest and the chief of the Jews informed him against Paul, and besought him," 200, "And in this confidence I was minded to come unto you before, that ye might have a second benefit;" 220, "When they were filled, he said unto his disciples, Gather up the fragments that remain, that nothing be lost." 269, "For therein is the righteousness of God revealed from faith to faith: as it is written, The just shall live by faith." 347, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, The hour is coming, and now is, when the dead shall hear the voice of the Son of God: and they that hear shall live." 348, "Whom God hath set forth to be a propitiation through faith in his blood, to declare his righteousness for the remission of sins that are past, through the forbearance of God;" 405, "And the Lord said unto him, Arise, and go into the street which is called Straight, and enquire in the house of Judas for one called Saul, of Tarsus: for, behold, he prayeth," 242, "For some of them thought, because Judas had the bag, that Jesus had said unto him, Buy those things that we have need of against the feast; or, that he should give something to the poor." 275, "Send therefore to Joppa, and call hither Simon, whose surname is Peter; he is lodged in the house of one Simon a tanner by the sea side: who, when he cometh, shall speak unto thee." 204, "If the whole body were an eye, where were the hearing? If the whole were hearing, where were the smelling?" 327, "For before these days rose up Theudas, boasting himself to be somebody; to whom a number of men, about four hundred, joined themselves: who was slain; and all, as many as obeyed him, were scattered, and brought to nought." 259, "They brought to the Pharisees him that aforetime was blind." 460, "And when they were come up out of the water, the Spirit of the Lord caught away Philip, that the eunuch saw him no more: and he went on his way rejoicing." 320, "And through a window in a basket was I let down by the wall, and escaped his hands." 265, "For I am jealous over you with godly jealousy: for I have espoused you to one husband, that I may present you as a chaste virgin to Christ." 373, "The high priest then asked Jesus of his disciples, and of his doctrine." 221, "For whether we live, we live unto the Lord; and whether we die, we die unto the Lord: whether we live therefore, or die, we are the Lord's." 349, "But I trust in the Lord that I also myself shall come shortly." 218, "This is that Moses, which said unto the children of Israel, A prophet shall the Lord your God raise up unto you of your brethren, like unto me; him shall ye hear." 285, "Mortify therefore your members which are upon the earth; fornication, uncleanness, inordinate affection, evil concupiscence, and covetousness, which is idolatry:" 330, "For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved." 396, "Now while Paul waited for them at Athens, his spirit was stirred in him, when he saw the city wholly given to idolatry." 311, "But rise, and stand upon thy feet: for I have appeared unto thee for this purpose, to make thee a minister and a witness both of these things which thou hast seen, and of those things in the which I will appear unto thee;" 321, "And I baptized also the household of Stephanas: besides, I know not whether I baptized any other." 330, "Simon Peter therefore beckoned to him, that he should ask who it should be of whom he spake." 250, "Stand therefore, having your loins girt about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness;" 338, "Now we know that what things soever the law saith, it saith to them who are under the law: that every mouth may be stopped, and all the world may become guilty before God." 329, "Wherefore receive ye one another, as Christ also received us to the glory of God." 210, "Therefore whether it were I or they, so we preach, and so ye believed." 242, "But to the rest speak I, not the Lord: If any brother hath a wife that believeth not, and she be pleased to dwell with him, let him not put her away." 283, "Then Pilate therefore took Jesus, and scourged him." 594, "Study to shew thyself approved unto God, a workman that needeth not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth." 112000, "For the heart of this people is waxed gross, and their ears are dull of hearing, and their eyes have they closed; lest they should see with their eyes, and hear with their ears, and understand with their heart, and should be converted, and I should heal them." 290, "Moreover he must have a good report of them which are without; lest he fall into reproach and the snare of the devil." 363, "Judge not according to the appearance, but judge righteous judgment." 374, "He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life: and he that believeth not the Son shall not see life; but the wrath of God abideth on him." 291, "And they went out of the prison, and entered into the house of Lydia: and when they had seen the brethren, they comforted them, and departed." 218, "For if he that cometh preacheth another Jesus, whom we have not preached, or if ye receive another spirit, which ye have not received, or another gospel, which ye have not accepted, ye might well bear with him." 345, "Then said Jesus unto the twelve, Will ye also go away?" 306, "Now when they had gone throughout Phrygia and the region of Galatia, and were forbidden of the Holy Ghost to preach the word in Asia," 290, "Now we, brethren, as Isaac was, are the children of promise." 313, "He therefore that despiseth, despiseth not man, but God, who hath also given unto us his holy Spirit." 285, "And by the hands of the apostles were many signs and wonders wrought among the people; (and they were all with one accord in Solomon's porch." 306, "Dare any of you, having a matter against another, go to law before the unjust, and not before the saints?" 329, "And they, when they had testified and preached the word of the Lord, returned to Jerusalem, and preached the gospel in many villages of the Samaritans." 212, "But when we are judged, we are chastened of the Lord, that we should not be condemned with the world." 280, "Who both killed the Lord Jesus, and their own prophets, and have persecuted us; and they please not God, and are contrary to all men:" 294, "Now, brethren, if I come unto you speaking with tongues, what shall I profit you, except I shall speak to you either by revelation, or by knowledge, or by prophesying, or by doctrine?" 290, "Knowing this, that the law is not made for a righteous man, but for the lawless and disobedient, for the ungodly and for sinners, for unholy and profane, for murderers of fathers and murderers of mothers, for manslayers," 352, "Their throat is an open sepulchre; with their tongues they have used deceit; the poison of asps is under their lips:" 338, "And immediately the man was made whole, and took up his bed, and walked: and on the same day was the sabbath." 267, "My love be with you all in Christ Jesus. Amen. " 204, "But if there be no resurrection of the dead, then is Christ not risen:" 312, "And teach customs, which are not lawful for us to receive, neither to observe, being Romans." 229, "Whether therefore ye eat, or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God." 394, "And when they found them not, they drew Jason and certain brethren unto the rulers of the city, crying, These that have turned the world upside down are come hither also;" 279, "His parents answered them and said, We know that this is our son, and that he was born blind:" 155, "Therefore, my beloved brethren, be ye stedfast, unmoveable, always abounding in the work of the Lord, forasmuch as ye know that your labour is not in vain in the Lord." 338, "If a man therefore purge himself from these, he shall be a vessel unto honour, sanctified, and meet for the master's use, and prepared unto every good work." 339, "But ye, brethren, be not weary in well doing." 441, "And as Peter knocked at the door of the gate, a damsel came to hearken, named Rhoda." 275, "And set up false witnesses, which said, This man ceaseth not to speak blasphemous words against this holy place, and the law:" 286, "The husbandman that laboureth must be first partaker of the fruits." 435, "For the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ:" 436, "For all seek their own, not the things which are Jesus Christ's." 236, "But God raised him from the dead:" 212, "But he that doeth wrong shall receive for the wrong which he hath done: and there is no respect of persons." 300, "When they heard that, they were cut to the heart, and took counsel to slay them." 227, "Not that I speak in respect of want: for I have learned, in whatsoever state I am, therewith to be content." 360, "I am that bread of life." 169, "Nevertheless death reigned from Adam to Moses, even over them that had not sinned after the similitude of Adam's transgression, who is the figure of him that was to come." 339, "Wherein God, willing more abundantly to shew unto the heirs of promise the immutability of his counsel, confirmed it by an oath:" 320, "For Moses truly said unto the fathers, A prophet shall the Lord your God raise up unto you of your brethren, like unto me; him shall ye hear in all things whatsoever he shall say unto you." 347, "And to pass by you into Macedonia, and to come again out of Macedonia unto you, and of you to be brought on my way toward Judaea." 225, "Saying, What shall we do to these men? for that indeed a notable miracle hath been done by them is manifest to all them that dwell in Jerusalem; and we cannot deny it." 263, "Now when Festus was come into the province, after three days he ascended from Caesarea to Jerusalem." 212, "And ye became followers of us, and of the Lord, having received the word in much affliction, with joy of the Holy Ghost:" 343, "And again, I will put my trust in him. And again, Behold I and the children which God hath given me." 293, "And they were all amazed, and were in doubt, saying one to another, What meaneth this?" 299, "And when the blood of thy martyr Stephen was shed, I also was standing by, and consenting unto his death, and kept the raiment of them that slew him." 247, "This is my commandment, That ye love one another, as I have loved you." 319, "Nevertheless to abide in the flesh is more needful for you." 292, "And the Lord shall deliver me from every evil work, and will preserve me unto his heavenly kingdom: to whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen." 303, "For ye see your calling, brethren, how that not many wise men after the flesh, not many mighty, not many noble, are called:" 306, "Who shall lay any thing to the charge of God's elect? It is God that justifieth." 299, "Wherefore of these men which have companied with us all the time that the Lord Jesus went in and out among us," 278, "If I bear witness of myself, my witness is not true." 258, "Of the Jews five times received I forty stripes save one." 412, "And great fear came upon all the church, and upon as many as heard these things." 268, "This is a faithful saying and worthy of all acceptation." 449, "And, ye masters, do the same things unto them, forbearing threatening: knowing that your Master also is in heaven; neither is there respect of persons with him." 275, "Cometh this blessedness then upon the circumcision only, or upon the uncircumcision also? for we say that faith was reckoned to Abraham for righteousness." 277, "Now I say, That the heir, as long as he is a child, differeth nothing from a servant, though he be lord of all;" 325, "Who was delivered for our offences, and was raised again for our justification." 303, "And they passing by Mysia came down to Troas." 447, "So when they had rowed about five and twenty or thirty furlongs, they see Jesus walking on the sea, and drawing nigh unto the ship: and they were afraid." 243, "And a stranger will they not follow, but will flee from him: for they know not the voice of strangers." 342, "And ye are complete in him, which is the head of all principality and power:" 374, "Opening and alleging, that Christ must needs have suffered, and risen again from the dead; and that this Jesus, whom I preach unto you, is Christ." 273, "What then? Israel hath not obtained that which he seeketh for; but the election hath obtained it, and the rest were blinded" 286, "And landing at Syracuse, we tarried there three days." 343, "And they which heard it, being convicted by their own conscience, went out one by one, beginning at the eldest, even unto the last: and Jesus was left alone, and the woman standing in the midst." 313, "And you hath he quickened, who were dead in trespasses and sins;" 344, "So when this corruptible shall have put on incorruption, and this mortal shall have put on immortality, then shall be brought to pass the saying that is written, Death is swallowed up in victory." 376, "He that rejecteth me, and receiveth not my words, hath one that judgeth him: the word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him in the last day." 368, "For we know that if our earthly house of this tabernacle were dissolved, we have a building of God, an house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens." 369, "For unto the angels hath he not put in subjection the world to come, whereof we speak." 299, "Therefore we were comforted in your comfort: yea, and exceedingly the more joyed we for the joy of Titus, because his spirit was refreshed by you all." 247, "Wherefore whosoever shall eat this bread, and drink this cup of the Lord, unworthily, shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord." 369, "For this Agar is mount Sinai in Arabia, and answereth to Jerusalem which now is, and is in bondage with her children." 326, "Now I pray to God that ye do no evil; not that we should appear approved, but that ye should do that which is honest, though we be as reprobates." 299, "Let us labour therefore to enter into that rest, lest any man fall after the same example of unbelief." 395, "And be found in him, not having mine own righteousness, which is of the law, but that which is through the faith of Christ, the righteousness which is of God by faith:" 360, "We have sent therefore Judas and Silas, who shall also tell you the same things by mouth." 282, "And that he died for all, that they which live should not henceforth live unto themselves, but unto him which died for them, and rose again." 342, "Jesus answered, I have not a devil; but I honour my Father, and ye do dishonour me." 241, "Moreover, brethren, we do you to wit of the grace of God bestowed on the churches of Macedonia;" 289, "But this man, because he continueth ever, hath an unchangeable priesthood." 634, "For our exhortation was not of deceit, nor of uncleanness, nor in guile:" 266, "To whom they all gave heed, from the least to the greatest, saying, This man is the great power of God." 289, "I speak as to wise men; judge ye what I say." 269, "The cloke that I left at Troas with Carpus, when thou comest, bring with thee, and the books, but especially the parchments." 259, "And finding a ship sailing over unto Phenicia, we went aboard, and set forth." 192, "And when he would not be persuaded, we ceased, saying, The will of the Lord be done." 257, "As he spake these words, many believed on him." 396, "For as many as are of the works of the law are under the curse: for it is written, Cursed is every one that continueth not in all things which are written in the book of the law to do them." 332, "To Timothy, my dearly beloved son: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God the Father and Christ Jesus our Lord." 249, "But this is that which was spoken by the prophet Joel;" 306, "Who also hath made us able ministers of the new testament; not of the letter, but of the spirit: for the letter killeth, but the spirit giveth life." 349, "As we said before, so say I now again, If any man preach any other gospel unto you than that ye have received, let him be accursed." 395, "And I went up by revelation, and communicated unto them that gospel which I preach among the Gentiles, but privately to them which were of reputation, lest by any means I should run, or had run, in vain." 274, "When the centurion heard that, he went and told the chief captain, saying, Take heed what thou doest: for this man is a Roman." 253, "Whatsoever is sold in the shambles, that eat, asking no question for conscience sake:" 245, "But what saith it? The word is nigh thee, even in thy mouth, and in thy heart: that is, the word of faith, which we preach;" 347, "Unto Timothy, my own son in the faith: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord." 316, "Even him, whose coming is after the working of Satan with all power and signs and lying wonders," 356, "And many of the Samaritans of that city believed on him for the saying of the woman, which testified, He told me all that ever I did." 266, "Now Bethany was nigh unto Jerusalem, about fifteen furlongs off:" 402, "Wherefore I desire that ye faint not at my tribulations for you, which is your glory." 280, "And the word of the Lord was published throughout all the region." 195, "Meats for the belly, and the belly for meats: but God shall destroy both it and them. Now the body is not for fornication, but for the Lord; and the Lord for the body." 263, "But the multitude of the city was divided: and part held with the Jews, and part with the apostles." 236, "For if the truth of God hath more abounded through my lie unto his glory; why yet am I also judged as a sinner?" 269, "If I have told you earthly things, and ye believe not, how shall ye believe, if I tell you of heavenly things?" 340, "If ye keep my commandments, ye shall abide in my love; even as I have kept my Father's commandments, and abide in his love." 358, "Jesus answered them and said, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Ye seek me, not because ye saw the miracles, but because ye did eat of the loaves, and were filled." 240, "But what I do, that I will do, that I may cut off occasion from them which desire occasion; that wherein they glory, they may be found even as we." 249, "For though I made you sorry with a letter, I do not repent, though I did repent: for I perceive that the same epistle hath made you sorry, though it were but for a season." 282, "Grace be with all them that love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity. Amen. " 231, "Who can have compassion on the ignorant, and on them that are out of the way; for that he himself also is compassed with infirmity." 317, "Therefore I thought it necessary to exhort the brethren, that they would go before unto you, and make up beforehand your bounty, whereof ye had notice before, that the same might be ready, as a matter of bounty, and not as of covetousness." 241, "His disciples said unto him, Lo, now speakest thou plainly, and speakest no proverb." 446, "The salutation by the hand of me Paul. Remember my bonds. Grace be with you. Amen. " 238, "And desired of him letters to Damascus to the synagogues, that if he found any of this way, whether they were men or women, he might bring them bound unto Jerusalem." 299, "But do not thou yield unto them: for there lie in wait for him of them more than forty men, which have bound themselves with an oath, that they will neither eat nor drink till they have killed him: and now are they ready, looking for a promise from thee." 178, "For I think that God hath set forth us the apostles last, as it were appointed to death: for we are made a spectacle unto the world, and to angels, and to men." 281, "Behold, ye despisers, and wonder, and perish: for I work a work in your days, a work which ye shall in no wise believe, though a man declare it unto you." 274, "Bless them which persecute you: bless, and curse not." 353, "For if the word spoken by angels was stedfast, and every transgression and disobedience received a just recompence of reward;" 312, "But is under tutors and governors until the time appointed of the father." 303, "Who found favour before God, and desired to find a tabernacle for the God of Jacob." 211, "Herein is my Father glorified, that ye bear much fruit; so shall ye be my disciples." 342, "Be it known unto you all, and to all the people of Israel, that by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom ye crucified, whom God raised from the dead, even by him doth this man stand here before you whole." 327, "And to him they agreed: and when they had called the apostles, and beaten them, they commanded that they should not speak in the name of Jesus, and let them go." 273, "There was a certain man in Caesarea called Cornelius, a centurion of the band called the Italian band," 249, "For he saith to Moses, I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy, and I will have compassion on whom I will have compassion." 295, "And as he reasoned of righteousness, temperance, and judgment to come, Felix trembled, and answered, Go thy way for this time; when I have a convenient season, I will call for thee." 275, "Seeing that many glory after the flesh, I will glory also." 228, "I give thee charge in the sight of God, who quickeneth all things, and before Christ Jesus, who before Pontius Pilate witnessed a good confession;" 317, "Who gave himself a ransom for all, to be testified in due time." 372, "Wherefore in all things it behoved him to be made like unto his brethren, that he might be a merciful and faithful high priest in things pertaining to God, to make reconciliation for the sins of the people." 342, "But why dost thou judge thy brother? or why dost thou set at nought thy brother? for we shall all stand before the judgment seat of Christ." 331, "Then they suborned men, which said, We have heard him speak blasphemous words against Moses, and against God." 283, "Gaius mine host, and of the whole church, saluteth you. Erastus the chamberlain of the city saluteth you, and Quartus a brother." 220, "But when the fourteenth night was come, as we were driven up and down in Adria, about midnight the shipmen deemed that they drew near to some country;" 225, "For he was a good man, and full of the Holy Ghost and of faith: and much people was added unto the Lord." 274, "And they gave forth their lots; and the lot fell upon Matthias; and he was numbered with the eleven apostles." 294, "And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place." 350, "The nobleman saith unto him, Sir, come down ere my child die." 266, "For ye may all prophesy one by one, that all may learn, and all may be comforted." 325, "Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, according to the promise of life which is in Christ Jesus," 222, "I am verily a man which am a Jew, born in Tarsus, a city in Cilicia, yet brought up in this city at the feet of Gamaliel, and taught according to the perfect manner of the law of the fathers, and was zealous toward God, as ye all are this day." 279, "And when they opposed themselves, and blasphemed, he shook his raiment, and said unto them, Your blood be upon your own heads; I am clean: from henceforth I will go unto the Gentiles." 302, "Of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named," 270, "And now why tarriest thou? arise, and be baptized, and wash away thy sins, calling on the name of the Lord." 321, "But the other of love, knowing that I am set for the defence of the gospel." 302, "That ye might walk worthy of the Lord unto all pleasing, being fruitful in every good work, and increasing in the knowledge of God;" 314, "Do all things without murmurings and disputings:" 725, "Many therefore of his disciples, when they had heard this, said, This is an hard saying; who can hear it?" 265, "Nevertheless when it shall turn to the Lord, the vail shall be taken away." 332, "Neither yield ye your members as instruments of unrighteousness unto sin: but yield yourselves unto God, as those that are alive from the dead, and your members as instruments of righteousness unto God." 372, "Men, brethren, and fathers, hear ye my defence which I make now unto you." 236, "But that we write unto them, that they abstain from pollutions of idols, and from fornication, and from things strangled, and from blood." 283, "Howbeit we must be cast upon a certain island." 349, "And when I come, whomsoever ye shall approve by your letters, them will I send to bring your liberality unto Jerusalem." 294, "Nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us." 382, "What? came the word of God out from you? or came it unto you only?" 285, "And it came to pass in Iconium, that they went both together into the synagogue of the Jews, and so spake, that a great multitude both of the Jews and also of the Greeks believed." 256, "Then the Spirit said unto Philip, Go near, and join thyself to this chariot." 294, "Hath not my hand made all these things?" 257, "But if we hope for that we see not, then do we with patience wait for it." 238, "They shall perish; but thou remainest; and they all shall wax old as doth a garment;" 340, "This is a faithful saying, and these things I will that thou affirm constantly, that they which have believed in God might be careful to maintain good works. These things are good and profitable unto men." 326, "Or else let these same here say, if they have found any evil doing in me, while I stood before the council," 218, "To the praise of the glory of his grace, wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved." 367, "Since ye seek a proof of Christ speaking in me, which to you-ward is not weak, but is mighty in you." 270, "Without father, without mother, without descent, having neither beginning of days, nor end of life; but made like unto the Son of God; abideth a priest continually." 336, "First, I thank my God through Jesus Christ for you all, that your faith is spoken of throughout the whole world." 248, "But I say, that the things which the Gentiles sacrifice, they sacrifice to devils, and not to God: and I would not that ye should have fellowship with devils." 396, "Now therefore why tempt ye God, to put a yoke upon the neck of the disciples, which neither our fathers nor we were able to bear?" 347, "But I know, that even now, whatsoever thou wilt ask of God, God will give it thee." 298, "For whether we be beside ourselves, it is to God: or whether we be sober, it is for your cause." 239, "Which in other ages was not made known unto the sons of men, as it is now revealed unto his holy apostles and prophets by the Spirit;" 346, "To whom also Abraham gave a tenth part of all; first being by interpretation King of righteousness, and after that also King of Salem, which is, King of peace;" 330, "And when it was day, the magistrates sent the serjeants, saying, Let those men go." 186, "Now they which were scattered abroad upon the persecution that arose about Stephen travelled as far as Phenice, and Cyprus, and Antioch, preaching the word to none but unto the Jews only." 2470, "After that, he was seen of James; then of all the apostles." 320, "When Jesus saw him lie, and knew that he had been now a long time in that case, he saith unto him, Wilt thou be made whole?" 283, "If any man speak in an unknown tongue, let it be by two, or at the most by three, and that by course; and let one interpret." 316, "For scarcely for a righteous man will one die: yet peradventure for a good man some would even dare to die." 346, "I thank my God, I speak with tongues more than ye all:" 288, "A minister of the sanctuary, and of the true tabernacle, which the Lord pitched, and not man." 341, "That the Gentiles should be fellowheirs, and of the same body, and partakers of his promise in Christ by the gospel:" 285, "But Peter said unto him, Thy money perish with thee, because thou hast thought that the gift of God may be purchased with money." 332, "They understood not that he spake to them of the Father." 132, "Him, being delivered by the determinate counsel and foreknowledge of God, ye have taken, and by wicked hands have crucified and slain:" 330, "Simon Peter went up, and drew the net to land full of great fishes, an hundred and fifty and three: and for all there were so many, yet was not the net broken." 281, "Thou wilt say then unto me, Why doth he yet find fault? For who hath resisted his will?" 305, "Who, when they were come down, prayed for them, that they might receive the Holy Ghost:" 288, "I Paul have written it with mine own hand, I will repay it: albeit I do not say to thee how thou owest unto me even thine own self besides." 252, "It seemed good unto us, being assembled with one accord, to send chosen men unto you with our beloved Barnabas and Paul," 286, "Father, glorify thy name. Then came there a voice from heaven, saying, I have both glorified it, and will glorify it again." 258, "Casting down imaginations, and every high thing that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ;" 455, "But the righteousness which is of faith speaketh on this wise, Say not in thine heart, Who shall ascend into heaven? (that is, to bring Christ down from above:)" 298, "Now if Timotheus come, see that he may be with you without fear: for he worketh the work of the Lord, as I also do." 206, "We are fools for Christ's sake, but ye are wise in Christ; we are weak, but ye are strong; ye are honourable, but we are despised." 259, "And now I exhort you to be of good cheer: for there shall be no loss of any man's life among you, but of the ship." 254, "For I have given unto them the words which thou gavest me; and they have received them, and have known surely that I came out from thee, and they have believed that thou didst send me." 294, "For since by man came death, by man came also the resurrection of the dead." 333, "And having in a readiness to revenge all disobedience, when your obedience is fulfilled." 354, "Jesus answered him, Sayest thou this thing of thyself, or did others tell it thee of me?" 274, "If any man's work abide which he hath built thereupon, he shall receive a reward." 401, "And as the shipmen were about to flee out of the ship, when they had let down the boat into the sea, under colour as though they would have cast anchors out of the foreship," 2050, "And the father of circumcision to them who are not of the circumcision only, but who also walk in the steps of that faith of our father Abraham, which he had being yet uncircumcised." 278, "Yea, and all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution." 375, "And after they had held their peace, James answered, saying, Men and brethren, hearken unto me:" 300, "And cast him out of the city, and stoned him: and the witnesses laid down their clothes at a young man's feet, whose name was Saul." 286, "Insomuch that they brought forth the sick into the streets, and laid them on beds and couches, that at the least the shadow of Peter passing by might overshadow some of them." 297, "As ye know how we exhorted and comforted and charged every one of you, as a father doth his children," 306, "Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither." 273, "Now for a recompence in the same, (I speak as unto my children,) be ye also enlarged." 243, "But with whom was he grieved forty years? was it not with them that had sinned, whose carcases fell in the wilderness?" 337, "And of the angels he saith, Who maketh his angels spirits, and his ministers a flame of fire." 355, "When Christ, who is our life, shall appear, then shall ye also appear with him in glory." 357, "And how hear we every man in our own tongue, wherein we were born?" 342, "And the Jews' passover was nigh at hand: and many went out of the country up to Jerusalem before the passover, to purify themselves." 217, "For the flesh lusteth against the Spirit, and the Spirit against the flesh: and these are contrary the one to the other: so that ye cannot do the things that ye would." 337, "And then shall that Wicked be revealed, whom the Lord shall consume with the spirit of his mouth, and shall destroy with the brightness of his coming:" 393, "One Lord, one faith, one baptism," 194000, "And Jesus said, Make the men sit down. Now there was much grass in the place. So the men sat down, in number about five thousand." 206, "Jesus answered, I have told you that I am he: if therefore ye seek me, let these go their way:" 245, "Who was before a blasphemer, and a persecutor, and injurious: but I obtained mercy, because I did it ignorantly in unbelief." 296, "Therefore if I know not the meaning of the voice, I shall be unto him that speaketh a barbarian, and he that speaketh shall be a barbarian unto me." 276, "And entered into a ship, and went over the sea toward Capernaum. And it was now dark, and Jesus was not come to them." 217, "And when her masters saw that the hope of their gains was gone, they caught Paul and Silas, and drew them into the marketplace unto the rulers," 196, "Now the God of peace be with you all. Amen." 232, "Called of God an high priest after the order of Melchisedec." 351, "For we brought nothing into this world, and it is certain we can carry nothing out." 352, "So then they which be of faith are blessed with faithful Abraham." 308, "Rejoice evermore." 20100, "Since the world began was it not heard that any man opened the eyes of one that was born blind." 297, "Behold, the hour cometh, yea, is now come, that ye shall be scattered, every man to his own, and shall leave me alone: and yet I am not alone, because the Father is with me." 263, "Which is a manifest token of the righteous judgment of God, that ye may be counted worthy of the kingdom of God, for which ye also suffer:" 356, "That word, I say, ye know, which was published throughout all Judaea, and began from Galilee, after the baptism which John preached;" 250, "Beginning from the baptism of John, unto that same day that he was taken up from us, must one be ordained to be a witness with us of his resurrection." 303, "And there was much murmuring among the people concerning him: for some said, He is a good man: others said, Nay; but he deceiveth the people." 244, "And how I kept back nothing that was profitable unto you, but have shewed you, and have taught you publickly, and from house to house," 256, "Moreover he sprinkled with blood both the tabernacle, and all the vessels of the ministry." 291, "There are, it may be, so many kinds of voices in the world, and none of them is without signification." 290, "But he whose descent is not counted from them received tithes of Abraham, and blessed him that had the promises." 266, "And having food and raiment let us be therewith content." 430, "Faithful is he that calleth you, who also will do it." 368, "Being made so much better than the angels, as he hath by inheritance obtained a more excellent name than they." 350, "Who concerning the truth have erred, saying that the resurrection is past already; and overthrow the faith of some." 352, "Paul, an apostle, (not of men, neither by man, but by Jesus Christ, and God the Father, who raised him from the dead;)" 307, "But let every man prove his own work, and then shall he have rejoicing in himself alone, and not in another." 315, "And they, continuing daily with one accord in the temple, and breaking bread from house to house, did eat their meat with gladness and singleness of heart," 376, "Ye men of Israel, hear these words; Jesus of Nazareth, a man approved of God among you by miracles and wonders and signs, which God did by him in the midst of you, as ye yourselves also know:" 336, "Cretes and Arabians, we do hear them speak in our tongues the wonderful works of God." 318, "Now a certain man was sick, named Lazarus, of Bethany, the town of Mary and her sister Martha." 244, "And he said unto me, My grace is sufficient for thee: for my strength is made perfect in weakness. Most gladly therefore will I rather glory in my infirmities, that the power of Christ may rest upon me." 363, "Serving the Lord with all humility of mind, and with many tears, and temptations, which befell me by the lying in wait of the Jews:" 263, "And he was with them coming in and going out at Jerusalem." 236, "Now I rejoice, not that ye were made sorry, but that ye sorrowed to repentance: for ye were made sorry after a godly manner, that ye might receive damage by us in nothing." 347, "I rejoice therefore that I have confidence in you in all things." 166, "Then Paul, after that the governor had beckoned unto him to speak, answered, Forasmuch as I know that thou hast been of many years a judge unto this nation, I do the more cheerfully answer for myself:" 193, "And the Father himself, which hath sent me, hath borne witness of me. Ye have neither heard his voice at any time, nor seen his shape." 278, "For we are labourers together with God: ye are God's husbandry, ye are God's building." 335, "Concerning zeal, persecuting the church; touching the righteousness which is in the law, blameless." 303, "Behold, I shew you a mystery; We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed," 373, "Behold, the third time I am ready to come to you; and I will not be burdensome to you: for I seek not yours, but you: for the children ought not to lay up for the parents, but the parents for the children." 202, "I am debtor both to the Greeks, and to the Barbarians; both to the wise, and to the unwise." 286, "And he that reapeth receiveth wages, and gathereth fruit unto life eternal: that both he that soweth and he that reapeth may rejoice together." 4240, "There came also a multitude out of the cities round about unto Jerusalem, bringing sick folks, and them which were vexed with unclean spirits: and they were healed every one." 286, "And devout men carried Stephen to his burial, and made great lamentation over him." 270, "Neither let us commit fornication, as some of them committed, and fell in one day three and twenty thousand." 281, "And deliver them who through fear of death were all their lifetime subject to bondage." 363, "They said therefore unto him, What sign shewest thou then, that we may see, and believe thee? what dost thou work?" 240, "For this we say unto you by the word of the Lord, that we which are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are asleep." 343, "For he saith, I have heard thee in a time accepted, and in the day of salvation have I succoured thee: behold, now is the accepted time; behold, now is the day of salvation.)" 375, "Little children, yet a little while I am with you. Ye shall seek me: and as I said unto the Jews, Whither I go, ye cannot come; so now I say to you." 201, "For the hope which is laid up for you in heaven, whereof ye heard before in the word of the truth of the gospel;" 277, "Even as Abraham believed God, and it was accounted to him for righteousness." 260, "Distributing to the necessity of saints; given to hospitality." 267, "Then straightway they departed from him which should have examined him: and the chief captain also was afraid, after he knew that he was a Roman, and because he had bound him." 228, "For we commend not ourselves again unto you, but give you occasion to glory on our behalf, that ye may have somewhat to answer them which glory in appearance, and not in heart." 242, "Then when Jesus came, he found that he had lain in the grave four days already." 256, "And from thence to Philippi, which is the chief city of that part of Macedonia, and a colony: and we were in that city abiding certain days." 243, "And after certain days, when Felix came with his wife Drusilla, which was a Jewess, he sent for Paul, and heard him concerning the faith in Christ." 281, "Therefore they could not believe, because that Esaias said again," 306, "And this they did, not as we hoped, but first gave their own selves to the Lord, and unto us by the will of God." 317, "Art thou greater than our father Jacob, which gave us the well, and drank thereof himself, and his children, and his cattle?" 283, "For he whom God hath sent speaketh the words of God: for God giveth not the Spirit by measure unto him." 285, "Therefore they sought again to take him: but he escaped out of their hand," 193, "But the natural man receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God: for they are foolishness unto him: neither can he know them, because they are spiritually discerned." 348, "I and my Father are one." 179000, "But I suffer not a woman to teach, nor to usurp authority over the man, but to be in silence." 382, "Which none of the princes of this world knew: for had they known it, they would not have crucified the Lord of glory." 344, "And after certain days king Agrippa and Bernice came unto Caesarea to salute Festus." 207, "And Judas and Silas, being prophets also themselves, exhorted the brethren with many words, and confirmed them." 261, "Men that have hazarded their lives for the name of our Lord Jesus Christ." 292, "So Paul departed from among them." 378, "But the voice answered me again from heaven, What God hath cleansed, that call not thou common." 242, "Even so hath the Lord ordained that they which preach the gospel should live of the gospel." 306, "And Jesus answered them, saying, The hour is come, that the Son of man should be glorified." 230, "That your rejoicing may be more abundant in Jesus Christ for me by my coming to you again." 259, "Hath not the scripture said, That Christ cometh of the seed of David, and out of the town of Bethlehem, where David was?" 266, "And early in the morning he came again into the temple, and all the people came unto him; and he sat down, and taught them." 303, "Now both the chief priests and the Pharisees had given a commandment, that, if any man knew where he were, he should shew it, that they might take him." 209, "And they knew that it was he which sat for alms at the Beautiful gate of the temple: and they were filled with wonder and amazement at that which had happened unto him." 290, "And we were in all in the ship two hundred threescore and sixteen souls." 270, "For indeed he accepted the exhortation; but being more forward, of his own accord he went unto you." 228, "And put no difference between us and them, purifying their hearts by faith." 310, "Saying, Go unto this people, and say, Hearing ye shall hear, and shall not understand; and seeing ye shall see, and not perceive:" 296, "And not as Moses, which put a vail over his face, that the children of Israel could not stedfastly look to the end of that which is abolished:" 308, "And we went before to ship, and sailed unto Assos, there intending to take in Paul: for so had he appointed, minding himself to go afoot." 191, "And as Jesus passed by, he saw a man which was blind from his birth." 318, "Simon Peter saith unto them, I go a fishing. They say unto him, We also go with thee. They went forth, and entered into a ship immediately; and that night they caught nothing." 238, "Jesus answered them, Many good works have I shewed you from my Father; for which of those works do ye stone me?" 257, "He brought them out, after that he had shewed wonders and signs in the land of Egypt, and in the Red sea, and in the wilderness forty years." 198, "For ye have heard of my conversation in time past in the Jews' religion, how that beyond measure I persecuted the church of God, and wasted it:" 311, "Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ:" 330, "Forasmuch then as we are the offspring of God, we ought not to think that the Godhead is like unto gold, or silver, or stone, graven by art and man's device." 357, "I exhort therefore, that, first of all, supplications, prayers, intercessions, and giving of thanks, be made for all men;" 374, "Which is his body, the fulness of him that filleth all in all." 331, "Tell me, ye that desire to be under the law, do ye not hear the law?" 308, "Who seeing Peter and John about to go into the temple asked an alms." 308, "Blotting out the handwriting of ordinances that was against us, which was contrary to us, and took it out of the way, nailing it to his cross;" 417, "What? have ye not houses to eat and to drink in? or despise ye the church of God, and shame them that have not? What shall I say to you? shall I praise you in this? I praise you not." 276, "Nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature, shall be able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord." 432, "And have hope toward God, which they themselves also allow, that there shall be a resurrection of the dead, both of the just and unjust." 299, "Which when they had read, they rejoiced for the consolation." 349, "Have ye suffered so many things in vain? if it be yet in vain." 302, "For both he that sanctifieth and they who are sanctified are all of one: for which cause he is not ashamed to call them brethren," 361, "I speak to your shame. Is it so, that there is not a wise man among you? no, not one that shall be able to judge between his brethren?" 332, "Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ." 292, "And when he had thus spoken, one of the officers which stood by struck Jesus with the palm of his hand, saying, Answerest thou the high priest so?" 250, "Yet not altogether with the fornicators of this world, or with the covetous, or extortioners, or with idolaters; for then must ye needs go out of the world." 333, "Nay, ye do wrong, and defraud, and that your brethren." 405, "For circumcision verily profiteth, if thou keep the law: but if thou be a breaker of the law, thy circumcision is made uncircumcision." 273, "And being not weak in faith, he considered not his own body now dead, when he was about an hundred years old, neither yet the deadness of Sara's womb:" 9810, "Giving thanks always for all things unto God and the Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ;" 362, "And we believe and are sure that thou art that Christ, the Son of the living God." 332, "Now I Paul myself beseech you by the meekness and gentleness of Christ, who in presence am base among you, but being absent am bold toward you:" 290, "And when he had gone over those parts, and had given them much exhortation, he came into Greece," 184, "A man that is an heretick after the first and second admonition reject;" 4460, "As it is written, Behold, I lay in Sion a stumblingstone and rock of offence: and whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed." 319, "Who also hath gone about to profane the temple: whom we took, and would have judged according to our law." 244, "And if the ear shall say, Because I am not the eye, I am not of the body; is it therefore not of the body?" 303, "Wherefore God also hath highly exalted him, and given him a name which is above every name:" 446, "For out of much affliction and anguish of heart I wrote unto you with many tears; not that ye should be grieved, but that ye might know the love which I have more abundantly unto you." 282, "And when the people saw what Paul had done, they lifted up their voices, saying in the speech of Lycaonia, The gods are come down to us in the likeness of men." 275, "And he that seeth me seeth him that sent me." 467, "Thrice was I beaten with rods, once was I stoned, thrice I suffered shipwreck, a night and a day I have been in the deep;" 350, "For this cause left I thee in Crete, that thou shouldest set in order the things that are wanting, and ordain elders in every city, as I had appointed thee:" 355, "These going before tarried for us at Troas." 341, "Forasmuch as ye are manifestly declared to be the epistle of Christ ministered by us, written not with ink, but with the Spirit of the living God; not in tables of stone, but in fleshy tables of the heart." 350, "As also the high priest doth bear me witness, and all the estate of the elders: from whom also I received letters unto the brethren, and went to Damascus, to bring them which were there bound unto Jerusalem, for to be punished." 230, "Ye are of your father the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do. He was a murderer from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own: for he is a liar, and the father of it." 350, "For we know that the law is spiritual: but I am carnal, sold under sin." 306, "Erastus abode at Corinth: but Trophimus have I left at Miletum sick." 443, "Therefore watch, and remember, that by the space of three years I ceased not to warn every one night and day with tears." 348, "Let him that is taught in the word communicate unto him that teacheth in all good things." 334, "And though they found no cause of death in him, yet desired they Pilate that he should be slain." 267, "For we which have believed do enter into rest, as he said, As I have sworn in my wrath, if they shall enter into my rest: although the works were finished from the foundation of the world." 343, "I speak that which I have seen with my Father: and ye do that which ye have seen with your father." 263, "He answered and said, A man that is called Jesus made clay, and anointed mine eyes, and said unto me, Go to the pool of Siloam, and wash: and I went and washed, and I received sight." 282, "And it came to pass, that, while Apollos was at Corinth, Paul having passed through the upper coasts came to Ephesus: and finding certain disciples," 315, "Which some professing have erred concerning the faith. Grace be with thee. Amen. " 275, "Without understanding, covenantbreakers, without natural affection, implacable, unmerciful:" 655, "But that which beareth thorns and briers is rejected, and is nigh unto cursing; whose end is to be burned." 323, "Wherefore I was grieved with that generation, and said, They do alway err in their heart; and they have not known my ways." 329, "And these things give in charge, that they may be blameless." 244, "So after he had washed their feet, and had taken his garments, and was set down again, he said unto them, Know ye what I have done to you?" 313, "Not a novice, lest being lifted up with pride he fall into the condemnation of the devil." 343, "And there came a voice to him, Rise, Peter; kill, and eat." 281, "Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof: from such turn away." 396, "Let every man abide in the same calling wherein he was called." 315, "But this cometh to pass, that the word might be fulfilled that is written in their law, They hated me without a cause." 283, "And as he thus spake for himself, Festus said with a loud voice, Paul, thou art beside thyself; much learning doth make thee mad." 254, "And Ananias went his way, and entered into the house; and putting his hands on him said, Brother Saul, the Lord, even Jesus, that appeared unto thee in the way as thou camest, hath sent me, that thou mightest receive thy sight, and be filled with the Holy Ghost." 294, "All things that the Father hath are mine: therefore said I, that he shall take of mine, and shall shew it unto you." 331, "For he must reign, till he hath put all enemies under his feet." 336, "Wherefore putting away lying, speak every man truth with his neighbour: for we are members one of another." 275, "As it is written, I have made thee a father of many nations,) before him whom he believed, even God, who quickeneth the dead, and calleth those things which be not as though they were." 348, "Having then gifts differing according to the grace that is given to us, whether prophecy, let us prophesy according to the proportion of faith;" 312, "The churches of Asia salute you. Aquila and Priscilla salute you much in the Lord, with the church that is in their house." 314, "For this cause have I sent unto you Timotheus, who is my beloved son, and faithful in the Lord, who shall bring you into remembrance of my ways which be in Christ, as I teach every where in every church." 270, "And no man taketh this honour unto himself, but he that is called of God, as was Aaron." 343, "And again, Esaias saith, There shall be a root of Jesse, and he that shall rise to reign over the Gentiles; in him shall the Gentiles trust." 13200, "O Timothy, keep that which is committed to thy trust, avoiding profane and vain babblings, and oppositions of science falsely so called:" 327, "And they were all amazed and marvelled, saying one to another, Behold, are not all these which speak Galilaeans?" 343, "For the kingdom of God is not meat and drink; but righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost." 310, "Then said the Jews, Behold how he loved him!" 262, "For we are the circumcision, which worship God in the spirit, and rejoice in Christ Jesus, and have no confidence in the flesh." 318, "Only Luke is with me. Take Mark, and bring him with thee: for he is profitable to me for the ministry." 295, "And shall come forth; they that have done good, unto the resurrection of life; and they that have done evil, unto the resurrection of damnation." 386, "But all that heard him were amazed, and said; Is not this he that destroyed them which called on this name in Jerusalem, and came hither for that intent, that he might bring them bound unto the chief priests?" 238, "I am the living bread which came down from heaven: if any man eat of this bread, he shall live for ever: and the bread that I will give is my flesh, which I will give for the life of the world." 282, "Children, obey your parents in the Lord: for this is right." 368, "Neither went I up to Jerusalem to them which were apostles before me; but I went into Arabia, and returned again unto Damascus." 329, "And without all contradiction the less is blessed of the better." 280, "Ye did run well; who did hinder you that ye should not obey the truth?" 304, "Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you: not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid." 442, "Who delivered us from so great a death, and doth deliver: in whom we trust that he will yet deliver us;" 307, "Jesus answered and said unto them, I have done one work, and ye all marvel." 248, "For it is evident that our Lord sprang out of Juda; of which tribe Moses spake nothing concerning priesthood." 315, "At my first answer no man stood with me, but all men forsook me: I pray God that it may not be laid to their charge." 297, "But that it spread no further among the people, let us straitly threaten them, that they speak henceforth to no man in this name." 272, "Honour widows that are widows indeed." 611, "Great is my boldness of speech toward you, great is my glorying of you: I am filled with comfort, I am exceeding joyful in all our tribulation." 274, "What is it then? I will pray with the spirit, and I will pray with the understanding also: I will sing with the spirit, and I will sing with the understanding also." 347, "It is sown a natural body; it is raised a spiritual body. There is a natural body, and there is a spiritual body." 240, "And the times of this ignorance God winked at; but now commandeth all men every where to repent:" 375, "He then lying on Jesus' breast saith unto him, Lord, who is it?" 243, "That, according as it is written, He that glorieth, let him glory in the Lord." 259, "But some of them went their ways to the Pharisees, and told them what things Jesus had done." 246, "If then ye have judgments of things pertaining to this life, set them to judge who are least esteemed in the church." 312, "Now I would not have you ignorant, brethren, that oftentimes I purposed to come unto you, (but was let hitherto,) that I might have some fruit among you also, even as among other Gentiles." 227, "For verily, when we were with you, we told you before that we should suffer tribulation; even as it came to pass, and ye know." 310, "How that by revelation he made known unto me the mystery; (as I wrote afore in few words," 351, "For if the ministration of condemnation be glory, much more doth the ministration of righteousness exceed in glory." 347, "This is that bread which came down from heaven: not as your fathers did eat manna, and are dead: he that eateth of this bread shall live for ever." 21800, "Examine yourselves, whether ye be in the faith; prove your own selves. Know ye not your own selves, how that Jesus Christ is in you, except ye be reprobates?" 379, "The God of this people of Israel chose our fathers, and exalted the people when they dwelt as strangers in the land of Egypt, and with an high arm brought he them out of it." 237, "But Peter said, Not so, Lord; for I have never eaten any thing that is common or unclean." 300, "And called, and asked whether Simon, which was surnamed Peter, were lodged there." 240, "And saw him saying unto me, Make haste, and get thee quickly out of Jerusalem: for they will not receive thy testimony concerning me." 228, "But even unto this day, when Moses is read, the vail is upon their heart." 357, "And because ye are sons, God hath sent forth the Spirit of his Son into your hearts, crying, Abba, Father." 386, "Now then we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by us: we pray you in Christ's stead, be ye reconciled to God." 375, "And he was seen many days of them which came up with him from Galilee to Jerusalem, who are his witnesses unto the people." 260, "Else what shall they do which are baptized for the dead, if the dead rise not at all? why are they then baptized for the dead?" 270, "And I wrote this same unto you, lest, when I came, I should have sorrow from them of whom I ought to rejoice; having confidence in you all, that my joy is the joy of you all." 230, "And Jesus, when he had found a young ass, sat thereon; as it is written," 270, "When I was a child, I spake as a child, I understood as a child, I thought as a child: but when I became a man, I put away childish things." 446, "But I beseech you, that I may not be bold when I am present with that confidence, wherewith I think to be bold against some, which think of us as if we walked according to the flesh." 260, "And they came to the chief priests and elders, and said, We have bound ourselves under a great curse, that we will eat nothing until we have slain Paul." 196, "Wherefore shew ye to them, and before the churches, the proof of your love, and of our boasting on your behalf." 227, "Have any of the rulers or of the Pharisees believed on him?" 200, "For ye are all the children of God by faith in Christ Jesus." 260, "Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? shall tribulation, or distress, or persecution, or famine, or nakedness, or peril, or sword?" 355, "Christ is become of no effect unto you, whosoever of you are justified by the law; ye are fallen from grace." 371, "And God is able to make all grace abound toward you; that ye, always having all sufficiency in all things, may abound to every good work:" 390, "Then said Martha unto Jesus, Lord, if thou hadst been here, my brother had not died." 305, "Arise therefore, and get thee down, and go with them, doubting nothing: for I have sent them." 279, "These things I command you, that ye love one another." 251, "But before faith came, we were kept under the law, shut up unto the faith which should afterwards be revealed." 320, "But Paul cried with a loud voice, saying, Do thyself no harm: for we are all here." 323, "But if our gospel be hid, it is hid to them that are lost:" 328, "And when they had eaten enough, they lightened the ship, and cast out the wheat into the sea." 213, "And I punished them oft in every synagogue, and compelled them to blaspheme; and being exceedingly mad against them, I persecuted them even unto strange cities." 291, "When they therefore were come together, they asked of him, saying, Lord, wilt thou at this time restore again the kingdom to Israel?" 343, "For to one is given by the Spirit the word of wisdom; to another the word of knowledge by the same Spirit;" 294, "Now Moses in the law commanded us, that such should be stoned: but what sayest thou?" 331, "If I do not the works of my Father, believe me not." 288, "But when they departed from Perga, they came to Antioch in Pisidia, and went into the synagogue on the sabbath day, and sat down." 289, "But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judaea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth." 349, "But they have not all obeyed the gospel. For Esaias saith, Lord, who hath believed our report?" 328, "Now he that planteth and he that watereth are one: and every man shall receive his own reward according to his own labour." 367, "For until the law sin was in the world: but sin is not imputed when there is no law." 357, "For there was a tabernacle made; the first, wherein was the candlestick, and the table, and the shewbread; which is called the sanctuary." 276, "But the word of God grew and multiplied." 492, "Now after many years I came to bring alms to my nation, and offerings." 221, "But Philip was found at Azotus: and passing through he preached in all the cities, till he came to Caesarea." 310, "Neither did we eat any man's bread for nought; but wrought with labour and travail night and day, that we might not be chargeable to any of you:" 334, "And he commanded a centurion to keep Paul, and to let him have liberty, and that he should forbid none of his acquaintance to minister or come unto him." 215, "To redeem them that were under the law, that we might receive the adoption of sons." 346, "Because the carnal mind is enmity against God: for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be." 276, "Philip answered him, Two hundred pennyworth of bread is not sufficient for them, that every one of them may take a little." 246, "Was returning, and sitting in his chariot read Esaias the prophet." 273, "Of judgment, because the prince of this world is judged." 250, "But Solomon built him an house." 468, "Now when the apostles which were at Jerusalem heard that Samaria had received the word of God, they sent unto them Peter and John:" 316, "And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance." 312, "And laid them down at the apostles' feet: and distribution was made unto every man according as he had need." 350, "That it may be well with thee, and thou mayest live long on the earth." 318, "And upon a set day Herod, arrayed in royal apparel, sat upon his throne, and made an oration unto them." 309, "And in nothing terrified by your adversaries: which is to them an evident token of perdition, but to you of salvation, and that of God." 260, "And forasmuch as Lydda was nigh to Joppa, and the disciples had heard that Peter was there, they sent unto him two men, desiring him that he would not delay to come to them." 247, "But he that doeth truth cometh to the light, that his deeds may be made manifest, that they are wrought in God." 334, "Since we heard of your faith in Christ Jesus, and of the love which ye have to all the saints," 252, "For the wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men, who hold the truth in unrighteousness;" 347, "And Simon Peter followed Jesus, and so did another disciple: that disciple was known unto the high priest, and went in with Jesus into the palace of the high priest." 205, "One of his disciples, Andrew, Simon Peter's brother, saith unto him," 250, "Let as many servants as are under the yoke count their own masters worthy of all honour, that the name of God and his doctrine be not blasphemed." 298, "According to the eternal purpose which he purposed in Christ Jesus our Lord:" 308, "And that, knowing the time, that now it is high time to awake out of sleep: for now is our salvation nearer than when we believed." 358, "But all these worketh that one and the selfsame Spirit, dividing to every man severally as he will." 362, "Hast thou faith? have it to thyself before God. Happy is he that condemneth not himself in that thing which he alloweth." 317, "Therefore came I unto you without gainsaying, as soon as I was sent for: I ask therefore for what intent ye have sent for me?" 240, "Then they that gladly received his word were baptized: and the same day there were added unto them about three thousand souls." 365, "For I fear, lest, when I come, I shall not find you such as I would, and that I shall be found unto you such as ye would not: lest there be debates, envyings, wraths, strifes, backbitings, whisperings, swellings, tumults:" 251, "And be renewed in the spirit of your mind;" 284, "Knowing that he that is such is subverted, and sinneth, being condemned of himself." 389, "Wherefore (as the Holy Ghost saith, To day if ye will hear his voice," 323, "For every high priest taken from among men is ordained for men in things pertaining to God, that he may offer both gifts and sacrifices for sins:" 349, "That I may be delivered from them that do not believe in Judaea; and that my service which I have for Jerusalem may be accepted of the saints;" 209, "They were ware of it, and fled unto Lystra and Derbe, cities of Lycaonia, and unto the region that lieth round about:" 217, "But because I have said these things unto you, sorrow hath filled your heart." 279, "All things are lawful for me, but all things are not expedient: all things are lawful for me, but all things edify not." 296, "As it is written, He hath dispersed abroad; he hath given to the poor: his righteousness remaineth for ever." 348, "For the Son of God, Jesus Christ, who was preached among you by us, even by me and Silvanus and Timotheus, was not yea and nay, but in him was yea." 277, "But I know him: for I am from him, and he hath sent me." 178, "For the husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is the head of the church: and he is the saviour of the body." 323, "And when they were gone aside, they talked between themselves, saying, This man doeth nothing worthy of death or of bonds." 231, "But God hath revealed them unto us by his Spirit: for the Spirit searcheth all things, yea, the deep things of God." 403, "I protest by your rejoicing which I have in Christ Jesus our Lord, I die daily." 264, "God is faithful, by whom ye were called unto the fellowship of his Son Jesus Christ our Lord." 314, "The Lord grant unto him that he may find mercy of the Lord in that day: and in how many things he ministered unto me at Ephesus, thou knowest very well." 251, "We are confident, I say, and willing rather to be absent from the body, and to be present with the Lord." 367, "Which all are to perish with the using;) after the commandments and doctrines of men?" 310, "Receive him therefore in the Lord with all gladness; and hold such in reputation:" 266, "Art thou called being a servant? care not for it: but if thou mayest be made free, use it rather." 262, "Then said Jesus again unto them, I go my way, and ye shall seek me, and shall die in your sins: whither I go, ye cannot come." 241, "Whom we preach, warning every man, and teaching every man in all wisdom; that we may present every man perfect in Christ Jesus:" 297, "For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you, That the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed took bread:" 340, "And ye are puffed up, and have not rather mourned, that he that hath done this deed might be taken away from among you." 332, "Giving thanks unto the Father, which hath made us meet to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints in light:" 345, "Then answered the Jews, and said unto him, Say we not well that thou art a Samaritan, and hast a devil?" 262, "If we let him thus alone, all men will believe on him: and the Romans shall come and take away both our place and nation." 268, "What will ye? shall I come unto you with a rod, or in love, and in the spirit of meekness?" 273, "By stretching forth thine hand to heal; and that signs and wonders may be done by the name of thy holy child Jesus." 336, "Whom God hath raised up, having loosed the pains of death: because it was not possible that he should be holden of it." 342, "Paul, and Silvanus, and Timotheus, unto the church of the Thessalonians in God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ:" 240, "What shall we say then? Is the law sin? God forbid. Nay, I had not known sin, but by the law: for I had not known lust, except the law had said, Thou shalt not covet." 312, "But if any man be ignorant, let him be ignorant." 111, "Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil." 368, "And he that doubteth is damned if he eat, because he eateth not of faith: for whatsoever is not of faith is sin." 334, "Fathers, provoke not your children to anger, lest they be discouraged." 322, "And the apostles and elders came together for to consider of this matter." 299, "For such are false apostles, deceitful workers, transforming themselves into the apostles of Christ." 313, "Insomuch that we desired Titus, that as he had begun, so he would also finish in you the same grace also." 274, "For David speaketh concerning him, I foresaw the Lord always before my face, for he is on my right hand, that I should not be moved:" 294, "But Christ being come an high priest of good things to come, by a greater and more perfect tabernacle, not made with hands, that is to say, not of this building;" 363, "And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free." 447, "And when the south wind blew softly, supposing that they had obtained their purpose, loosing thence, they sailed close by Crete." 176, "Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, and Timotheus our brother," 278, "And he called unto him two centurions, saying, Make ready two hundred soldiers to go to Caesarea, and horsemen threescore and ten, and spearmen two hundred, at the third hour of the night;" 203, "I am glad of the coming of Stephanas and Fortunatus and Achaicus: for that which was lacking on your part they have supplied." 226, "As it is written, He that had gathered much had nothing over; and he that had gathered little had no lack." 304, "For as we have many members in one body, and all members have not the same office:" 317, "Therefore said they unto him, How were thine eyes opened?" 363, "Who shall change our vile body, that it may be fashioned like unto his glorious body, according to the working whereby he is able even to subdue all things unto himself." 341, "Drink no longer water, but use a little wine for thy stomach's sake and thine often infirmities." 359, "That they all might be damned who believed not the truth, but had pleasure in unrighteousness." 422, "And the servants and officers stood there, who had made a fire of coals; for it was cold: and they warmed themselves: and Peter stood with them, and warmed himself." 229, "Notwithstanding the Lord stood with me, and strengthened me; that by me the preaching might be fully known, and that all the Gentiles might hear: and I was delivered out of the mouth of the lion." 283, "If we believe not, yet he abideth faithful: he cannot deny himself." 334, "So they ran both together: and the other disciple did outrun Peter, and came first to the sepulchre." 279, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life." 360, "Notwithstanding, that I be not further tedious unto thee, I pray thee that thou wouldest hear us of thy clemency a few words." 217, "And unto the married I command, yet not I, but the Lord, Let not the wife depart from her husband:" 289, "And when it was day, they knew not the land: but they discovered a certain creek with a shore, into the which they were minded, if it were possible, to thrust in the ship." 233, "For a man indeed ought not to cover his head, forasmuch as he is the image and glory of God: but the woman is the glory of the man." 324, "After this there was a feast of the Jews; and Jesus went up to Jerusalem." 195, "Wherefore I pray you to take some meat: for this is for your health: for there shall not an hair fall from the head of any of you." 221, "But as we were allowed of God to be put in trust with the gospel, even so we speak; not as pleasing men, but God, which trieth our hearts." 318, "Greet Amplias my beloved in the Lord." 395, "And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my body to be burned, and have not charity, it profiteth me nothing." 338, "For by one Spirit are we all baptized into one body, whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free; and have been all made to drink into one Spirit." 316, "Having the understanding darkened, being alienated from the life of God through the ignorance that is in them, because of the blindness of their heart:" 325, "For I am with thee, and no man shall set on thee to hurt thee: for I have much people in this city." 316, "After these things came Jesus and his disciples into the land of Judaea; and there he tarried with them, and baptized." 258, "And after he had seen the vision, immediately we endeavoured to go into Macedonia, assuredly gathering that the Lord had called us for to preach the gospel unto them." 260, "But that the world may know that I love the Father; and as the Father gave me commandment, even so I do. Arise, let us go hence." 236, "Quench not the Spirit." 22500, "And because I tell you the truth, ye believe me not." 285, "But by the grace of God I am what I am: and his grace which was bestowed upon me was not in vain; but I laboured more abundantly than they all: yet not I, but the grace of God which was with me." 347, "And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures:" 339, "For the scripture saith unto Pharaoh, Even for this same purpose have I raised thee up, that I might shew my power in thee, and that my name might be declared throughout all the earth." 313, "But if any have caused grief, he hath not grieved me, but in part: that I may not overcharge you all." 266, "And the nation to whom they shall be in bondage will I judge, said God: and after that shall they come forth, and serve me in this place." 211, "And many of them said, He hath a devil, and is mad; why hear ye him?" 216, "So also Christ glorified not himself to be made an high priest; but he that said unto him, Thou art my Son, to day have I begotten thee." 344, "Of these things put them in remembrance, charging them before the Lord that they strive not about words to no profit, but to the subverting of the hearers." 272, "Now all these things happened unto them for ensamples: and they are written for our admonition, upon whom the ends of the world are come." 384, "Continue in prayer, and watch in the same with thanksgiving;" 212, "And the glory which thou gavest me I have given them; that they may be one, even as we are one:" 361, "And he continued there a year and six months, teaching the word of God among them." 313, "And thence sailed to Antioch, from whence they had been recommended to the grace of God for the work which they fulfilled." 247, "But by an equality, that now at this time your abundance may be a supply for their want, that their abundance also may be a supply for your want: that there may be equality:" 321, "And now I stand and am judged for the hope of the promise made of God unto our fathers:" 265, "Unto the church of God which is at Corinth, to them that are sanctified in Christ Jesus, called to be saints, with all that in every place call upon the name of Jesus Christ our Lord, both theirs and ours:" 319, "Repent ye therefore, and be converted, that your sins may be blotted out, when the times of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord;" 417, "Nevertheless, to avoid fornication, let every man have his own wife, and let every woman have her own husband." 310, "Now that he ascended, what is it but that he also descended first into the lower parts of the earth?" 309, "Jesus saith unto them, Come and dine. And none of the disciples durst ask him, Who art thou? knowing that it was the Lord." 273, "Art thou greater than our father Abraham, which is dead? and the prophets are dead: whom makest thou thyself?" 227, "For if that which is done away was glorious, much more that which remaineth is glorious." 344, "Philip saith unto him, Lord, shew us the Father, and it sufficeth us." 416, "Every branch in me that beareth not fruit he taketh away: and every branch that beareth fruit, he purgeth it, that it may bring forth more fruit." 363, "For in this we groan, earnestly desiring to be clothed upon with our house which is from heaven:" 375, "The Holy Ghost this signifying, that the way into the holiest of all was not yet made manifest, while as the first tabernacle was yet standing:" 303, "Go ye up unto this feast: I go not up yet unto this feast; for my time is not yet full come." 278, "And I knew that thou hearest me always: but because of the people which stand by I said it, that they may believe that thou hast sent me." 322, "And hath given him authority to execute judgment also, because he is the Son of man." 319, "By pureness, by knowledge, by longsuffering, by kindness, by the Holy Ghost, by love unfeigned," 256, "For it seemeth to me unreasonable to send a prisoner, and not withal to signify the crimes laid against him." 215, "Phrygia, and Pamphylia, in Egypt, and in the parts of Libya about Cyrene, and strangers of Rome, Jews and proselytes," 294, "These things speak, and exhort, and rebuke with all authority. Let no man despise thee." 351, "Then Pilate entered into the judgment hall again, and called Jesus, and said unto him, Art thou the King of the Jews?" 274, "For that which I do I allow not: for what I would, that do I not; but what I hate, that do I." 335, "Art thou bound unto a wife? seek not to be loosed. Art thou loosed from a wife? seek not a wife." 270, "And it shall come to pass, that in the place where it was said unto them, Ye are not my people; there shall they be called the children of the living God." 269, "Preach the word; be instant in season, out of season; reprove, rebuke, exhort with all longsuffering and doctrine." 411, "Knowing that whatsoever good thing any man doeth, the same shall he receive of the Lord, whether he be bond or free." 305, "That he might present it to himself a glorious church, not having spot, or wrinkle, or any such thing; but that it should be holy and without blemish." 338, "Then the chief captain came, and said unto him, Tell me, art thou a Roman? He said, Yea." 250, "And how shall they preach, except they be sent? as it is written, How beautiful are the feet of them that preach the gospel of peace, and bring glad tidings of good things!" 409, "Of the doctrine of baptisms, and of laying on of hands, and of resurrection of the dead, and of eternal judgment." 368, "Now in the place where he was crucified there was a garden; and in the garden a new sepulchre, wherein was never man yet laid." 280, "Then came he to Derbe and Lystra: and, behold, a certain disciple was there, named Timotheus, the son of a certain woman, which was a Jewess, and believed; but his father was a Greek:" 220, "Many of them also which used curious arts brought their books together, and burned them before all men: and they counted the price of them, and found it fifty thousand pieces of silver." 330, "It is the spirit that quickeneth; the flesh profiteth nothing: the words that I speak unto you, they are spirit, and they are life." 366, "For Moses of old time hath in every city them that preach him, being read in the synagogues every sabbath day." 299, "Let not your heart be troubled: ye believe in God, believe also in me." 407, "Not as though I had already attained, either were already perfect: but I follow after, if that I may apprehend that for which also I am apprehended of Christ Jesus." 327, "For this cause the people also met him, for that they heard that he had done this miracle." 228, "And when Peter was come up to Jerusalem, they that were of the circumcision contended with him," 251, "Therefore it is no great thing if his ministers also be transformed as the ministers of righteousness; whose end shall be according to their works." 331, "From henceforth let no man trouble me: for I bear in my body the marks of the Lord Jesus." 337, "And our hope of you is stedfast, knowing, that as ye are partakers of the sufferings, so shall ye be also of the consolation." 276, "For rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil. Wilt thou then not be afraid of the power? do that which is good, and thou shalt have praise of the same:" 343, "Then enquired he of them the hour when he began to amend. And they said unto him, Yesterday at the seventh hour the fever left him." 243, "And what is the exceeding greatness of his power to us-ward who believe, according to the working of his mighty power," 317, "Now thanks be unto God, which always causeth us to triumph in Christ, and maketh manifest the savour of his knowledge by us in every place." 331, "Salute Andronicus and Junia, my kinsmen, and my fellowprisoners, who are of note among the apostles, who also were in Christ before me." 2370, "And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge; and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, and have not charity, I am nothing." 351, "But Israel, which followed after the law of righteousness, hath not attained to the law of righteousness." 313, "For even that which was made glorious had no glory in this respect, by reason of the glory that excelleth." 322, "So the father knew that it was at the same hour, in the which Jesus said unto him, Thy son liveth: and himself believed, and his whole house." 244, "As I besought thee to abide still at Ephesus, when I went into Macedonia, that thou mightest charge some that they teach no other doctrine," 345, "Neither filthiness, nor foolish talking, nor jesting, which are not convenient: but rather giving of thanks." 309, "And the soldiers platted a crown of thorns, and put it on his head, and they put on him a purple robe," 253, "When he heard that Jesus was come out of Judaea into Galilee, he went unto him, and besought him that he would come down, and heal his son: for he was at the point of death." 237, "Then Peter said, Silver and gold have I none; but such as I have give I thee: In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth rise up and walk." 334, "When ye come together therefore into one place, this is not to eat the Lord's supper." 296, "And Paul went down, and fell on him, and embracing him said, Trouble not yourselves; for his life is in him." 244, "Neither was there any among them that lacked: for as many as were possessors of lands or houses sold them, and brought the prices of the things that were sold," 341, "And that because of false brethren unawares brought in, who came in privily to spy out our liberty which we have in Christ Jesus, that they might bring us into bondage:" 339, "And I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another Comforter, that he may abide with you for ever;" 324, "Without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good," 446, "Which things also we speak, not in the words which man's wisdom teacheth, but which the Holy Ghost teacheth; comparing spiritual things with spiritual." 383, "I know, and am persuaded by the Lord Jesus, that there is nothing unclean of itself: but to him that esteemeth any thing to be unclean, to him it is unclean." 304, "Jesus saith unto him, Go thy way; thy son liveth. And the man believed the word that Jesus had spoken unto him, and he went his way." 253, "And Ananias hearing these words fell down, and gave up the ghost: and great fear came on all them that heard these things." 308, "And the Spirit bade me go with them, nothing doubting. Moreover these six brethren accompanied me, and we entered into the man's house:" 245, "Now the end of the commandment is charity out of a pure heart, and of a good conscience, and of faith unfeigned:" 281, "Because the law worketh wrath: for where no law is, there is no transgression." 334, "That I should be the minister of Jesus Christ to the Gentiles, ministering the gospel of God, that the offering up of the Gentiles might be acceptable, being sanctified by the Holy Ghost." 283, "Nevertheless I tell you the truth; It is expedient for you that I go away: for if I go not away, the Comforter will not come unto you; but if I depart, I will send him unto you." 371, "And because I doubted of such manner of questions, I asked him whether he would go to Jerusalem, and there be judged of these matters." 195, "Then said Jesus unto them plainly, Lazarus is dead." 500, "Howbeit many of them which heard the word believed; and the number of the men was about five thousand." 277, "Which is the earnest of our inheritance until the redemption of the purchased possession, unto the praise of his glory." 320, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that entereth not by the door into the sheepfold, but climbeth up some other way, the same is a thief and a robber." 315, "Hath in these last days spoken unto us by his Son, whom he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the worlds;" 388, "After they were come to Mysia, they assayed to go into Bithynia: but the Spirit suffered them not." 324, "He that regardeth the day, regardeth it unto the Lord; and he that regardeth not the day, to the Lord he doth not regard it. He that eateth, eateth to the Lord, for he giveth God thanks; and he that eateth not, to the Lord he eateth not, and giveth God thanks." 308, "Then Jesus saith unto them, Children, have ye any meat? They answered him, No." 295, "For if, when we were enemies, we were reconciled to God by the death of his Son, much more, being reconciled, we shall be saved by his life." 374, "Thou fool, that which thou sowest is not quickened, except it die:" 395, "Bear ye one another's burdens, and so fulfil the law of Christ." 329, "Who gave himself for our sins, that he might deliver us from this present evil world, according to the will of God and our Father:" 319, "And there they abode long time with the disciples." 216, "I find then a law, that, when I would do good, evil is present with me." 337, "Jesus went unto the mount of Olives." 186, "Buried with him in baptism, wherein also ye are risen with him through the faith of the operation of God, who hath raised him from the dead." 339, "Redeeming the time, because the days are evil." 35100, "And John also was baptizing in Aenon near to Salim, because there was much water there: and they came, and were baptized." 272, "And a great multitude followed him, because they saw his miracles which he did on them that were diseased." 244, "But if any man seem to be contentious, we have no such custom, neither the churches of God." 331, "Men and brethren, let me freely speak unto you of the patriarch David, that he is both dead and buried, and his sepulchre is with us unto this day." 342, "Now therefore ye with the council signify to the chief captain that he bring him down unto you to morrow, as though ye would enquire something more perfectly concerning him: and we, or ever he come near, are ready to kill him." 164, "Neither let us tempt Christ, as some of them also tempted, and were destroyed of serpents." 335, "And if any man obey not our word by this epistle, note that man, and have no company with him, that he may be ashamed." 268, "And I will very gladly spend and be spent for you; though the more abundantly I love you, the less I be loved." 256, "Tribulation and anguish, upon every soul of man that doeth evil, of the Jew first, and also of the Gentile;" 339, "Then said they to him again, What did he to thee? how opened he thine eyes?" 261, "And Jesus walked in the temple in Solomon's porch." 252, "As unknown, and yet well known; as dying, and, behold, we live; as chastened, and not killed;" 300, "For I will shew him how great things he must suffer for my name's sake." 311, "Then the disciples took him by night, and let him down by the wall in a basket." 232, "Wilt thou kill me, as thou diddest the Egyptian yesterday?" 320, "Dearly beloved, avenge not yourselves, but rather give place unto wrath: for it is written, Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith the Lord." 341, "Till we all come in the unity of the faith, and of the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ:" 368, "They said therefore, What is this that he saith, A little while? we cannot tell what he saith." 245, "They profess that they know God; but in works they deny him, being abominable, and disobedient, and unto every good work reprobate." 342, "What? know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your own?" 352, "And again, The Lord knoweth the thoughts of the wise, that they are vain." 317, "But of these who seemed to be somewhat, (whatsoever they were, it maketh no matter to me: God accepteth no man's person:) for they who seemed to be somewhat in conference added nothing to me:" 255, "For as the body is one, and hath many members, and all the members of that one body, being many, are one body: so also is Christ." 362, "That I may make it manifest, as I ought to speak." 334, "Beware lest any man spoil you through philosophy and vain deceit, after the tradition of men, after the rudiments of the world, and not after Christ." 362, "And a vision appeared to Paul in the night; There stood a man of Macedonia, and prayed him, saying, Come over into Macedonia, and help us." 286, "Then Peter arose and went with them. When he was come, they brought him into the upper chamber: and all the widows stood by him weeping, and shewing the coats and garments which Dorcas made, while she was with them." 245, "And he shewed us how he had seen an angel in his house, which stood and said unto him, Send men to Joppa, and call for Simon, whose surname is Peter;" 248, "Now God himself and our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ, direct our way unto you." 268, "Wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands, as it is fit in the Lord." 324, "Paul, and Silvanus, and Timotheus, unto the church of the Thessalonians which is in God the Father and in the Lord Jesus Christ: Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ." 285, "Am I therefore become your enemy, because I tell you the truth?" 164, "Give none offence, neither to the Jews, nor to the Gentiles, nor to the church of God:" 322, "And seeing one of them suffer wrong, he defended him, and avenged him that was oppressed, and smote the Egyptian:" 266, "And my speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of man's wisdom, but in demonstration of the Spirit and of power:" 357, "I came forth from the Father, and am come into the world: again, I leave the world, and go to the Father." 198, "They answered and said unto him, Thou wast altogether born in sins, and dost thou teach us? And they cast him out." 265, "These words spake Jesus in the treasury, as he taught in the temple: and no man laid hands on him; for his hour was not yet come." 218, "And Paul, as his manner was, went in unto them, and three sabbath days reasoned with them out of the scriptures," 303, "According as it is written, God hath given them the spirit of slumber, eyes that they should not see, and ears that they should not hear;) unto this day." 301, "And when he was called forth, Tertullus began to accuse him, saying, Seeing that by thee we enjoy great quietness, and that very worthy deeds are done unto this nation by thy providence," 214, "Else when thou shalt bless with the spirit, how shall he that occupieth the room of the unlearned say Amen at thy giving of thanks, seeing he understandeth not what thou sayest?" 268, "That the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit." 318, "Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Be not deceived: neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind," 376, "For if by one man's offence death reigned by one; much more they which receive abundance of grace and of the gift of righteousness shall reign in life by one, Jesus Christ.)" 354, "And the God of peace shall bruise Satan under your feet shortly. The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen." 310, "For I am persuaded, that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come," 426, "But this people who knoweth not the law are cursed." 322, "And they gave him audience unto this word, and then lifted up their voices, and said, Away with such a fellow from the earth: for it is not fit that he should live." 216, "Salute Tryphena and Tryphosa, who labour in the Lord. Salute the beloved Persis, which laboured much in the Lord." 230, "Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage." 398, "For they being ignorant of God's righteousness, and going about to establish their own righteousness, have not submitted themselves unto the righteousness of God." 344, "This is the disciple which testifieth of these things, and wrote these things: and we know that his testimony is true." 294, "The salutation of me Paul with mine own hand." 243, "And if it be meet that I go also, they shall go with me." 225, "For when we were yet without strength, in due time Christ died for the ungodly." 324, "Ye also helping together by prayer for us, that for the gift bestowed upon us by the means of many persons thanks may be given by many on our behalf." 275, "But if ye believe not his writings, how shall ye believe my words?" 301, "I say then, Have they stumbled that they should fall? God forbid: but rather through their fall salvation is come unto the Gentiles, for to provoke them to jealousy." 315, "And Herod was highly displeased with them of Tyre and Sidon: but they came with one accord to him, and, having made Blastus the king's chamberlain their friend, desired peace; because their country was nourished by the king's country." 2630, "Which when they had taken up, they used helps, undergirding the ship; and, fearing lest they should fall into the quicksands, strake sail, and so were driven." 218, "Then said his disciples, Lord, if he sleep, he shall do well." 280, "There is none that understandeth, there is none that seeketh after God." 473, "And not holding the Head, from which all the body by joints and bands having nourishment ministered, and knit together, increaseth with the increase of God." 301, "Beside those things that are without, that which cometh upon me daily, the care of all the churches." 332, "Now there was at Joppa a certain disciple named Tabitha, which by interpretation is called Dorcas: this woman was full of good works and almsdeeds which she did." 281, "These things have I spoken unto you, that ye should not be offended." 267, "Now the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, that ye may abound in hope, through the power of the Holy Ghost." 309, "And now I am no more in the world, but these are in the world, and I come to thee. Holy Father, keep through thine own name those whom thou hast given me, that they may be one, as we are." 346, "For I will not see you now by the way; but I trust to tarry a while with you, if the Lord permit." 241, "Mary Magdalene came and told the disciples that she had seen the Lord, and that he had spoken these things unto her." 263, "Forasmuch as we have heard, that certain which went out from us have troubled you with words, subverting your souls, saying, Ye must be circumcised, and keep the law: to whom we gave no such commandment:" 322, "For it is written in the law of Moses, Thou shalt not muzzle the mouth of the ox that treadeth out the corn. Doth God take care for oxen?" 295, "But into the second went the high priest alone once every year, not without blood, which he offered for himself, and for the errors of the people:" 289, "But if it be a question of words and names, and of your law, look ye to it; for I will be no judge of such matters." 197, "Therefore the Jews sought the more to kill him, because he not only had broken the sabbath, but said also that God was his Father, making himself equal with God." 303, "And when they had ordained them elders in every church, and had prayed with fasting, they commended them to the Lord, on whom they believed." 322, "On the morrow they left the horsemen to go with him, and returned to the castle:" 205, "And why stand we in jeopardy every hour?" 384, "Therefore doth my Father love me, because I lay down my life, that I might take it again." 367, "Then the disciples went away again unto their own home." 306, "After the same manner also he took the cup, when he had supped, saying, This cup is the new testament in my blood: this do ye, as oft as ye drink it, in remembrance of me." 364, "The eyes of your understanding being enlightened; that ye may know what is the hope of his calling, and what the riches of the glory of his inheritance in the saints," 334, "And Philip said, If thou believest with all thine heart, thou mayest. And he answered and said, I believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God." 375, "When Jesus therefore perceived that they would come and take him by force, to make him a king, he departed again into a mountain himself alone." 273, "For as many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons of God." 320, "Which of the prophets have not your fathers persecuted? and they have slain them which shewed before of the coming of the Just One; of whom ye have been now the betrayers and murderers:" 291, "And upon the first day of the week, when the disciples came together to break bread, Paul preached unto them, ready to depart on the morrow; and continued his speech until midnight." 323, "And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose." 371, "According to the glorious gospel of the blessed God, which was committed to my trust." 321, "Moreover ye see and hear, that not alone at Ephesus, but almost throughout all Asia, this Paul hath persuaded and turned away much people, saying that they be no gods, which are made with hands:" 258, "For this is good and acceptable in the sight of God our Saviour;" 206, "For it hath pleased them of Macedonia and Achaia to make a certain contribution for the poor saints which are at Jerusalem." 266, "Therefore we are always confident, knowing that, whilst we are at home in the body, we are absent from the Lord:" 337, "Ye are bought with a price; be not ye the servants of men." 293, "And to know the love of Christ, which passeth knowledge, that ye might be filled with all the fulness of God." 354, "Not with eyeservice, as menpleasers; but as the servants of Christ, doing the will of God from the heart;" 312, "But the centurion, willing to save Paul, kept them from their purpose; and commanded that they which could swim should cast themselves first into the sea, and get to land:" 262, "But when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be done away." 358, "The woman saith unto him, Sir, thou hast nothing to draw with, and the well is deep: from whence then hast thou that living water?" 291, "Jesus saith unto him, Rise, take up thy bed, and walk." 297, "He that hath the bride is the bridegroom: but the friend of the bridegroom, which standeth and heareth him, rejoiceth greatly because of the bridegroom's voice: this my joy therefore is fulfilled." 249, "And when they had taken security of Jason, and of the other, they let them go." 195, "Now I say that Jesus Christ was a minister of the circumcision for the truth of God, to confirm the promises made unto the fathers:" 226, "I had no rest in my spirit, because I found not Titus my brother: but taking my leave of them, I went from thence into Macedonia." 242, "For if I make you sorry, who is he then that maketh me glad, but the same which is made sorry by me?" 250, "And when the ship was caught, and could not bear up into the wind, we let her drive." 193, "For we are members of his body, of his flesh, and of his bones." 352, "Art not thou that Egyptian, which before these days madest an uproar, and leddest out into the wilderness four thousand men that were murderers?" 247, "Remember the word that I said unto you, The servant is not greater than his lord. If they have persecuted me, they will also persecute you; if they have kept my saying, they will keep yours also." 346, "The same came therefore to Philip, which was of Bethsaida of Galilee, and desired him, saying, Sir, we would see Jesus." 245, "But I say, Did not Israel know? First Moses saith, I will provoke you to jealousy by them that are no people, and by a foolish nation I will anger you." 293, "Then spake Jesus again unto them, saying, I am the light of the world: he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life." 358, "Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, and have not charity, I am become as sounding brass, or a tinkling cymbal." 280, "Now unto God and our Father be glory for ever and ever. Amen." 235, "And when they heard that, they lifted up their voice to God with one accord, and said, Lord, thou art God, which hast made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and all that in them is:" 307, "If God be glorified in him, God shall also glorify him in himself, and shall straightway glorify him." 258, "And in this place again, If they shall enter into my rest." 334, "And there were certain Greeks among them that came up to worship at the feast:" 227, "Jesus saith unto them, Bring of the fish which ye have now caught." 259, "That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved." 418, "This is now the third time that Jesus shewed himself to his disciples, after that he was risen from the dead." 258, "And finding disciples, we tarried there seven days: who said to Paul through the Spirit, that he should not go up to Jerusalem." 250, "And when we had finished our course from Tyre, we came to Ptolemais, and saluted the brethren, and abode with them one day." 210, "Saying, Blessed are they whose iniquities are forgiven, and whose sins are covered." 339, "For this cause also thank we God without ceasing, because, when ye received the word of God which ye heard of us, ye received it not as the word of men, but as it is in truth, the word of God, which effectually worketh also in you that believe." 346, "Much people of the Jews therefore knew that he was there: and they came not for Jesus' sake only, but that they might see Lazarus also, whom he had raised from the dead." 220, "This was done thrice: and the vessel was received up again into heaven." 278, "Behold, I Paul say unto you, that if ye be circumcised, Christ shall profit you nothing." 344, "For after that in the wisdom of God the world by wisdom knew not God, it pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to save them that believe." 289, "Knowing that he which raised up the Lord Jesus shall raise up us also by Jesus, and shall present us with you." 329, "But we had the sentence of death in ourselves, that we should not trust in ourselves, but in God which raiseth the dead:" 326, "But unto every one of us is given grace according to the measure of the gift of Christ." 320, "And when he had thus spoken, he took bread, and gave thanks to God in presence of them all: and when he had broken it, he began to eat." 250, "And let these also first be proved; then let them use the office of a deacon, being found blameless." 334, "By so much was Jesus made a surety of a better testament." 330, "For if the casting away of them be the reconciling of the world, what shall the receiving of them be, but life from the dead?" 289, "Therefore by the deeds of the law there shall no flesh be justified in his sight: for by the law is the knowledge of sin." 326, "And he said unto them, It is not for you to know the times or the seasons, which the Father hath put in his own power." 336, "For God, who commanded the light to shine out of darkness, hath shined in our hearts, to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ." 391, "Nevertheless the centurion believed the master and the owner of the ship, more than those things which were spoken by Paul." 243, "And now, behold, I know that ye all, among whom I have gone preaching the kingdom of God, shall see my face no more." 290, "By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain." 343, "Charge them that are rich in this world, that they be not highminded, nor trust in uncertain riches, but in the living God, who giveth us richly all things to enjoy;" 364, "Wherefore comfort yourselves together, and edify one another, even as also ye do." 348, "He that spared not his own Son, but delivered him up for us all, how shall he not with him also freely give us all things?" 333, "Remembering without ceasing your work of faith, and labour of love, and patience of hope in our Lord Jesus Christ, in the sight of God and our Father;" 332, "But when the morning was now come, Jesus stood on the shore: but the disciples knew not that it was Jesus." 265, "Salute Urbane, our helper in Christ, and Stachys my beloved." 353, "For they themselves shew of us what manner of entering in we had unto you, and how ye turned to God from idols to serve the living and true God;" 360, "And all the men were about twelve." 155, "And when they had been there many days, Festus declared Paul's cause unto the king, saying, There is a certain man left in bonds by Felix:" 216, "And there are diversities of operations, but it is the same God which worketh all in all." 327, "There is a lad here, which hath five barley loaves, and two small fishes: but what are they among so many?" 294, "Whiles it remained, was it not thine own? and after it was sold, was it not in thine own power? why hast thou conceived this thing in thine heart? thou hast not lied unto men, but unto God." 328, "And the contention was so sharp between them, that they departed asunder one from the other: and so Barnabas took Mark, and sailed unto Cyprus;" 256, "Forasmuch then as God gave them the like gift as he did unto us, who believed on the Lord Jesus Christ; what was I, that I could withstand God?" 324, "Now them that are such we command and exhort by our Lord Jesus Christ, that with quietness they work, and eat their own bread." 357, "And having spoiled principalities and powers, he made a shew of them openly, triumphing over them in it." 347, "Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends." 448, "Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." 361, "Pilate answered, What I have written I have written." 284, "Then Paul stood up, and beckoning with his hand said, Men of Israel, and ye that fear God, give audience." 236, "Do we then make void the law through faith? God forbid: yea, we establish the law." 282, "And he departed thence, and entered into a certain man's house, named Justus, one that worshipped God, whose house joined hard to the synagogue." 245, "If a man abide not in me, he is cast forth as a branch, and is withered; and men gather them, and cast them into the fire, and they are burned." 377, "And they laid hands on them, and put them in hold unto the next day: for it was now eventide." 256, "And they troubled the people and the rulers of the city, when they heard these things." 238, "Whereby, when ye read, ye may understand my knowledge in the mystery of Christ)" 356, "When Jesus had thus said, he was troubled in spirit, and testified, and said, Verily, verily, I say unto you, that one of you shall betray me." 274, "A little leaven leaveneth the whole lump." 595, "That the saying of Esaias the prophet might be fulfilled, which he spake, Lord, who hath believed our report? and to whom hath the arm of the Lord been revealed?" 260, "Now as Jannes and Jambres withstood Moses, so do these also resist the truth: men of corrupt minds, reprobate concerning the faith." 337, "In whom ye also are builded together for an habitation of God through the Spirit." 368, "We then that are strong ought to bear the infirmities of the weak, and not to please ourselves." 309, "And upon this came his disciples, and marvelled that he talked with the woman: yet no man said, What seekest thou? or, Why talkest thou with her?" 2880, "Then took they the body of Jesus, and wound it in linen clothes with the spices, as the manner of the Jews is to bury." 285, "And as they went on their way, they came unto a certain water: and the eunuch said, See, here is water; what doth hinder me to be baptized?" 315, "But watch thou in all things, endure afflictions, do the work of an evangelist, make full proof of thy ministry." 353, "And when he had spoken these things, while they beheld, he was taken up; and a cloud received him out of their sight." 332, "And we have sent with them our brother, whom we have oftentimes proved diligent in many things, but now much more diligent, upon the great confidence which I have in you." 212, "Jesus answered him, If I have spoken evil, bear witness of the evil: but if well, why smitest thou me?" 3410, "If ye know these things, happy are ye if ye do them." 351, "But though he had done so many miracles before them, yet they believed not on him:" 276, "Abide in me, and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself, except it abide in the vine; no more can ye, except ye abide in me." 326, "But other of the apostles saw I none, save James the Lord's brother." 316, "Aristarchus my fellowprisoner saluteth you, and Marcus, sister's son to Barnabas, (touching whom ye received commandments: if he come unto you, receive him;)" 254, "Therefore said the disciples one to another, Hath any man brought him ought to eat?" 230, "That every one of you should know how to possess his vessel in sanctification and honour;" 345, "And the eye cannot say unto the hand, I have no need of thee: nor again the head to the feet, I have no need of you." 338, "And the morrow after they entered into Caesarea. And Cornelius waited for them, and had called together his kinsmen and near friends." 147, "Wherefore also we pray always for you, that our God would count you worthy of this calling, and fulfil all the good pleasure of his goodness, and the work of faith with power:" 333, "They are not of the world, even as I am not of the world." 89, "And as the lame man which was healed held Peter and John, all the people ran together unto them in the porch that is called Solomon's, greatly wondering." 296, "If I be not an apostle unto others, yet doubtless I am to you: for the seal of mine apostleship are ye in the Lord." 282, "These all continued with one accord in prayer and supplication, with the women, and Mary the mother of Jesus, and with his brethren." 304, "Unto me, who am less than the least of all saints, is this grace given, that I should preach among the Gentiles the unsearchable riches of Christ;" 333, "So then it is not of him that willeth, nor of him that runneth, but of God that sheweth mercy." 326, "And he said unto them, Cast the net on the right side of the ship, and ye shall find. They cast therefore, and now they were not able to draw it for the multitude of fishes." 305, "And Saul arose from the earth; and when his eyes were opened, he saw no man: but they led him by the hand, and brought him into Damascus." 248, "Howbeit there is not in every man that knowledge: for some with conscience of the idol unto this hour eat it as a thing offered unto an idol; and their conscience being weak is defiled." 300, "But thanks be to God, which put the same earnest care into the heart of Titus for you." 229, "Who will render to every man according to his deeds:" 247, "But the younger widows refuse: for when they have begun to wax wanton against Christ, they will marry;" 275, "And they stirred up the people, and the elders, and the scribes, and came upon him, and caught him, and brought him to the council," 299, "Even us, whom he hath called, not of the Jews only, but also of the Gentiles?" 309, "And when he thus had spoken, he cried with a loud voice, Lazarus, come forth." 325, "Esaias also crieth concerning Israel, Though the number of the children of Israel be as the sand of the sea, a remnant shall be saved:" 277, "And he said unto them, Ye are from beneath; I am from above: ye are of this world; I am not of this world." 297, "Who against hope believed in hope, that he might become the father of many nations, according to that which was spoken, So shall thy seed be." 308, "And Cornelius said, Four days ago I was fasting until this hour; and at the ninth hour I prayed in my house, and, behold, a man stood before me in bright clothing," 220, "For I mean not that other men be eased, and ye burdened:" 311, "And brought them out, and said, Sirs, what must I do to be saved?" 245, "For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures;" 417, "Fulfil ye my joy, that ye be likeminded, having the same love, being of one accord, of one mind." 308, "For as the sufferings of Christ abound in us, so our consolation also aboundeth by Christ." 360, "For in that he himself hath suffered being tempted, he is able to succour them that are tempted." 347, "Jesus saith to him, He that is washed needeth not save to wash his feet, but is clean every whit: and ye are clean, but not all." 302, "And the soldiers' counsel was to kill the prisoners, lest any of them should swim out, and escape." 253, "Know ye not, that so many of us as were baptized into Jesus Christ were baptized into his death?" 386, "But after that faith is come, we are no longer under a schoolmaster." 343, "This parable spake Jesus unto them: but they understood not what things they were which he spake unto them." 267, "For unto you it is given in the behalf of Christ, not only to believe on him, but also to suffer for his sake;" 320, "For ye have brought hither these men, which are neither robbers of churches, nor yet blasphemers of your goddess." 236, "But I rejoiced in the Lord greatly, that now at the last your care of me hath flourished again; wherein ye were also careful, but ye lacked opportunity." 275, "Nevertheless, brethren, I have written the more boldly unto you in some sort, as putting you in mind, because of the grace that is given to me of God," 204, "And kept back part of the price, his wife also being privy to it, and brought a certain part, and laid it at the apostles' feet." 317, "Others said, These are not the words of him that hath a devil. Can a devil open the eyes of the blind?" 215, "And many of the people believed on him, and said, When Christ cometh, will he do more miracles than these which this man hath done?" 213, "For he hath put all things under his feet. But when he saith all things are put under him, it is manifest that he is excepted, which did put all things under him." 327, "And as Esaias said before, Except the Lord of Sabaoth had left us a seed, we had been as Sodoma, and been made like unto Gomorrha." 254, "Jesus answered, He it is, to whom I shall give a sop, when I have dipped it. And when he had dipped the sop, he gave it to Judas Iscariot, the son of Simon." 257, "And certain men which came down from Judaea taught the brethren, and said, Except ye be circumcised after the manner of Moses, ye cannot be saved." 255, "And when they were come, and had gathered the church together, they rehearsed all that God had done with them, and how he had opened the door of faith unto the Gentiles." 274, "Which knew me from the beginning, if they would testify, that after the most straitest sect of our religion I lived a Pharisee." 245, "I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that ye present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service." 375, "But we know that the law is good, if a man use it lawfully;" 329, "And Adam was not deceived, but the woman being deceived was in the transgression." 376, "Then remembered I the word of the Lord, how that he said, John indeed baptized with water; but ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost." 342, "Husbands, love your wives, and be not bitter against them." 399, "Afterward Jesus findeth him in the temple, and said unto him, Behold, thou art made whole: sin no more, lest a worse thing come unto thee." 286, "If we this day be examined of the good deed done to the impotent man, by what means he is made whole;" 274, "Now the Jews' feast of tabernacles was at hand." 367, "Endeavouring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace." 335, "For who hath known the mind of the Lord, that he may instruct him? But we have the mind of Christ." 367, "Then asked they him, What man is that which said unto thee, Take up thy bed, and walk?" 227, "Wherefore? Because they sought it not by faith, but as it were by the works of the law. For they stumbled at that stumblingstone;" 298, "For to their power, I bear record, yea, and beyond their power they were willing of themselves;" 302, "And this will we do, if God permit." 556, "Others said, This is the Christ. But some said, Shall Christ come out of Galilee?" 242, "Greatly desiring to see thee, being mindful of thy tears, that I may be filled with joy;" 261, "But thou hast fully known my doctrine, manner of life, purpose, faith, longsuffering, charity, patience," 294, "Took branches of palm trees, and went forth to meet him, and cried, Hosanna: Blessed is the King of Israel that cometh in the name of the Lord." 267, "Who, having received such a charge, thrust them into the inner prison, and made their feet fast in the stocks." 303, "Let no man despise thy youth; but be thou an example of the believers, in word, in conversation, in charity, in spirit, in faith, in purity." 400, "And it is yet far more evident: for that after the similitude of Melchisedec there ariseth another priest," 308, "Now therefore perform the doing of it; that as there was a readiness to will, so there may be a performance also out of that which ye have." 301, "Let no man deceive you by any means: for that day shall not come, except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition;" 410, "Being justified freely by his grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus:" 410, "Was then that which is good made death unto me? God forbid. But sin, that it might appear sin, working death in me by that which is good; that sin by the commandment might become exceeding sinful." 286, "Saying, Did not we straitly command you that ye should not teach in this name? and, behold, ye have filled Jerusalem with your doctrine, and intend to bring this man's blood upon us." 306, "Which in time past was to thee unprofitable, but now profitable to thee and to me:" 270, "For there is verily a disannulling of the commandment going before for the weakness and unprofitableness thereof." 2990, "But to Israel he saith, All day long I have stretched forth my hands unto a disobedient and gainsaying people." 317, "But ye, brethren, are not in darkness, that that day should overtake you as a thief." 322, "One of the servants of the high priest, being his kinsman whose ear Peter cut off, saith, Did not I see thee in the garden with him?" 229, "How shall not the ministration of the spirit be rather glorious?" 353, "And a certain man lame from his mother's womb was carried, whom they laid daily at the gate of the temple which is called Beautiful, to ask alms of them that entered into the temple;" 283, "The world cannot hate you; but me it hateth, because I testify of it, that the works thereof are evil." 306, "Preaching the kingdom of God, and teaching those things which concern the Lord Jesus Christ, with all confidence, no man forbidding him." 321, "Or he that exhorteth, on exhortation: he that giveth, let him do it with simplicity; he that ruleth, with diligence; he that sheweth mercy, with cheerfulness." 318, "Thou that sayest a man should not commit adultery, dost thou commit adultery? thou that abhorrest idols, dost thou commit sacrilege?" 4590, "But the manifestation of the Spirit is given to every man to profit withal." 283, "If any be blameless, the husband of one wife, having faithful children not accused of riot or unruly." 336, "Who immediately took soldiers and centurions, and ran down unto them: and when they saw the chief captain and the soldiers, they left beating of Paul." 212, "For ye are bought with a price: therefore glorify God in your body, and in your spirit, which are God's." 446, "For it hath been declared unto me of you, my brethren, by them which are of the house of Chloe, that there are contentions among you." 353, "These things understood not his disciples at the first: but when Jesus was glorified, then remembered they that these things were written of him, and that they had done these things unto him." 234, "And declared to be the Son of God with power, according to the spirit of holiness, by the resurrection from the dead:" 320, "And the servant of the Lord must not strive; but be gentle unto all men, apt to teach, patient," 335, "But of him are ye in Christ Jesus, who of God is made unto us wisdom, and righteousness, and sanctification, and redemption:" 314, "So the chief captain then let the young man depart, and charged him, See thou tell no man that thou hast shewed these things to me." 175, "Then said Jesus unto them again, Verily, verily, I say unto you, I am the door of the sheep." 333, "When Jesus had lifted up himself, and saw none but the woman, he said unto her, Woman, where are those thine accusers? hath no man condemned thee?" 312, "And he went into the synagogue, and spake boldly for the space of three months, disputing and persuading the things concerning the kingdom of God." 260, "For in him dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily." 539, "For yourselves know how ye ought to follow us: for we behaved not ourselves disorderly among you;" 349, "For I have not shunned to declare unto you all the counsel of God." 338, "But when Paul perceived that the one part were Sadducees, and the other Pharisees, he cried out in the council, Men and brethren, I am a Pharisee, the son of a Pharisee: of the hope and resurrection of the dead I am called in question." 239, "But he that glorieth, let him glory in the Lord." 208, "Howbeit they looked when he should have swollen, or fallen down dead suddenly: but after they had looked a great while, and saw no harm come to him, they changed their minds, and said that he was a god." 259, "For these causes the Jews caught me in the temple, and went about to kill me." 236, "Ye stiffnecked and uncircumcised in heart and ears, ye do always resist the Holy Ghost: as your fathers did, so do ye." 366, "All the saints salute you, chiefly they that are of Caesar's household." 272, "And he took him by the right hand, and lifted him up: and immediately his feet and ankle bones received strength." 356, "I know both how to be abased, and I know how to abound: every where and in all things I am instructed both to be full and to be hungry, both to abound and to suffer need." 333, "For men verily swear by the greater: and an oath for confirmation is to them an end of all strife." 275, "And they all wept sore, and fell on Paul's neck, and kissed him," 14400, "But if ye bite and devour one another, take heed that ye be not consumed one of another." 322, "And when forty years were expired, there appeared to him in the wilderness of mount Sina an angel of the Lord in a flame of fire in a bush." 252, "And ye are Christ's; and Christ is God's." 254, "And when we had taken our leave one of another, we took ship; and they returned home again." 217, "Who is made, not after the law of a carnal commandment, but after the power of an endless life." 307, "But none of these things move me, neither count I my life dear unto myself, so that I might finish my course with joy, and the ministry, which I have received of the Lord Jesus, to testify the gospel of the grace of God." 326, "And after they had tarried there a space, they were let go in peace from the brethren unto the apostles." 217, "Meekness, temperance: against such there is no law." 707, "Then certain philosophers of the Epicureans, and of the Stoicks, encountered him. And some said, What will this babbler say? other some, He seemeth to be a setter forth of strange gods: because he preached unto them Jesus, and the resurrection." 2920, "To the weak became I as weak, that I might gain the weak: I am made all things to all men, that I might by all means save some." 360, "Howbeit then, when ye knew not God, ye did service unto them which by nature are no gods." 322, "And it was the preparation of the passover, and about the sixth hour: and he saith unto the Jews, Behold your King!" 299, "Even the righteousness of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ unto all and upon all them that believe: for there is no difference:" 367, "Be ye followers of me, even as I also am of Christ." 345, "Are ye so foolish? having begun in the Spirit, are ye now made perfect by the flesh?" 339, "Thou therefore which teachest another, teachest thou not thyself? thou that preachest a man should not steal, dost thou steal?" 291, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, That ye shall weep and lament, but the world shall rejoice: and ye shall be sorrowful, but your sorrow shall be turned into joy." 277, "Therefore it is of faith, that it might be by grace; to the end the promise might be sure to all the seed; not to that only which is of the law, but to that also which is of the faith of Abraham; who is the father of us all," 296, "And if they will learn any thing, let them ask their husbands at home: for it is a shame for women to speak in the church." 301, "And when she had thus said, she turned herself back, and saw Jesus standing, and knew not that it was Jesus." 309, "And as they went through the cities, they delivered them the decrees for to keep, that were ordained of the apostles and elders which were at Jerusalem." 271, "Nevertheless, whereto we have already attained, let us walk by the same rule, let us mind the same thing." 298, "But I said unto you, That ye also have seen me, and believe not." 162, "Labour not for the meat which perisheth, but for that meat which endureth unto everlasting life, which the Son of man shall give unto you: for him hath God the Father sealed." 296, "And as I may so say, Levi also, who receiveth tithes, payed tithes in Abraham." 270, "Providing for honest things, not only in the sight of the Lord, but also in the sight of men." 305, "Yet have I sent the brethren, lest our boasting of you should be in vain in this behalf; that, as I said, ye may be ready:" 259, "Which had the golden censer, and the ark of the covenant overlaid round about with gold, wherein was the golden pot that had manna, and Aaron's rod that budded, and the tables of the covenant;" 291, "For I know this, that after my departing shall grievous wolves enter in among you, not sparing the flock." 391, "For every creature of God is good, and nothing to be refused, if it be received with thanksgiving:" 335, "Unto you first God, having raised up his Son Jesus, sent him to bless you, in turning away every one of you from his iniquities." 333, "Then fell she down straightway at his feet, and yielded up the ghost: and the young men came in, and found her dead, and, carrying her forth, buried her by her husband." 311, "Jesus then cometh, and taketh bread, and giveth them, and fish likewise." 297, "Not in the lust of concupiscence, even as the Gentiles which know not God:" 286, "Even as I please all men in all things, not seeking mine own profit, but the profit of many, that they may be saved." 341, "Not slothful in business; fervent in spirit; serving the Lord;" 483, "Then fourteen years after I went up again to Jerusalem with Barnabas, and took Titus with me also." 295, "Persecuted, but not forsaken; cast down, but not destroyed;" 404, "But that no man is justified by the law in the sight of God, it is evident: for, The just shall live by faith." 311, "Came unto me, and stood, and said unto me, Brother Saul, receive thy sight. And the same hour I looked up upon him." 247, "And after five days Ananias the high priest descended with the elders, and with a certain orator named Tertullus, who informed the governor against Paul." 224, "May be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth, and length, and depth, and height;" 369, "Then they sought to take him: but no man laid hands on him, because his hour was not yet come." 248, "And the commandment, which was ordained to life, I found to be unto death." 269, "And all the people saw him walking and praising God:" 240, "When I shall send Artemas unto thee, or Tychicus, be diligent to come unto me to Nicopolis: for I have determined there to winter." 275, "For as yet he was fallen upon none of them: only they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus.)" 339, "Destruction and misery are in their ways:" 611, "Then said some of them of Jerusalem, Is not this he, whom they seek to kill?" 236, "For Christ is not entered into the holy places made with hands, which are the figures of the true; but into heaven itself, now to appear in the presence of God for us:" 344, "But if I live in the flesh, this is the fruit of my labour: yet what I shall choose I wot not." 272, "Knowing, brethren beloved, your election of God." 649, "But Barnabas took him, and brought him to the apostles, and declared unto them how he had seen the Lord in the way, and that he had spoken to him, and how he had preached boldly at Damascus in the name of Jesus." 258, "So when they had dined, Jesus saith to Simon Peter, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me more than these? He saith unto him, Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I love thee. He saith unto him, Feed my lambs." 301, "When they heard these things, they held their peace, and glorified God, saying, Then hath God also to the Gentiles granted repentance unto life." 344, "Therefore, my brethren dearly beloved and longed for, my joy and crown, so stand fast in the Lord, my dearly beloved." 291, "But when the time of the promise drew nigh, which God had sworn to Abraham, the people grew and multiplied in Egypt," 207, "And not only they, but ourselves also, which have the firstfruits of the Spirit, even we ourselves groan within ourselves, waiting for the adoption, to wit, the redemption of our body." 298, "But there are some of you that believe not. For Jesus knew from the beginning who they were that believed not, and who should betray him." 279, "If there be therefore any consolation in Christ, if any comfort of love, if any fellowship of the Spirit, if any bowels and mercies," 275, "The first day of the week cometh Mary Magdalene early, when it was yet dark, unto the sepulchre, and seeth the stone taken away from the sepulchre." 300, "And desired favour against him, that he would send for him to Jerusalem, laying wait in the way to kill him." 216, "And Simon Peter stood and warmed himself. They said therefore unto him, Art not thou also one of his disciples? He denied it, and said, I am not." 231, "Having damnation, because they have cast off their first faith." 487, "But godliness with contentment is great gain." 655, "That which I speak, I speak it not after the Lord, but as it were foolishly, in this confidence of boasting." 227, "And they said, Is not this Jesus, the son of Joseph, whose father and mother we know? how is it then that he saith, I came down from heaven?" 226, "Therefore judge nothing before the time, until the Lord come, who both will bring to light the hidden things of darkness, and will make manifest the counsels of the hearts: and then shall every man have praise of God." 332, "Saying, The prison truly found we shut with all safety, and the keepers standing without before the doors: but when we had opened, we found no man within." 224, "Long time therefore abode they speaking boldly in the Lord, which gave testimony unto the word of his grace, and granted signs and wonders to be done by their hands." 268, "For when Moses had spoken every precept to all the people according to the law, he took the blood of calves and of goats, with water, and scarlet wool, and hyssop, and sprinkled both the book, and all the people," 298, "But I say, Have they not heard? Yes verily, their sound went into all the earth, and their words unto the ends of the world." 302, "Then said the Jews among themselves, Whither will he go, that we shall not find him? will he go unto the dispersed among the Gentiles, and teach the Gentiles?" 195, "Holding forth the word of life; that I may rejoice in the day of Christ, that I have not run in vain, neither laboured in vain." 321, "And Thomas answered and said unto him, My Lord and my God." 298, "For they had seen before with him in the city Trophimus an Ephesian, whom they supposed that Paul had brought into the temple.)" 206, "Go, stand and speak in the temple to the people all the words of this life." 193, "But God giveth it a body as it hath pleased him, and to every seed his own body." 292, "For then must he often have suffered since the foundation of the world: but now once in the end of the world hath he appeared to put away sin by the sacrifice of himself." 340, "I have yet many things to say unto you, but ye cannot bear them now." 389, "For the king knoweth of these things, before whom also I speak freely: for I am persuaded that none of these things are hidden from him; for this thing was not done in a corner." 253, "And the angel said unto him, Gird thyself, and bind on thy sandals. And so he did. And he saith unto him, Cast thy garment about thee, and follow me." 293, "For a bishop must be blameless, as the steward of God; not selfwilled, not soon angry, not given to wine, no striker, not given to filthy lucre;" 327, "Brethren, if a man be overtaken in a fault, ye which are spiritual, restore such an one in the spirit of meekness; considering thyself, lest thou also be tempted." 324, "But when his brethren were gone up, then went he also up unto the feast, not openly, but as it were in secret." 275, "Let not then your good be evil spoken of:" 299, "For he that is dead is freed from sin." 313, "Watch ye, stand fast in the faith, quit you like men, be strong." 306, "For if I have boasted any thing to him of you, I am not ashamed; but as we spake all things to you in truth, even so our boasting, which I made before Titus, is found a truth." 223, "Who also declared unto us your love in the Spirit." 272, "But if the ministration of death, written and engraven in stones, was glorious, so that the children of Israel could not stedfastly behold the face of Moses for the glory of his countenance; which glory was to be done away:" 329, "Search the scriptures; for in them ye think ye have eternal life: and they are they which testify of me." 373, "For he that eateth and drinketh unworthily, eateth and drinketh damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body." 390, "I desire to be present with you now, and to change my voice; for I stand in doubt of you." 278, "And Jesus took the loaves; and when he had given thanks, he distributed to the disciples, and the disciples to them that were set down; and likewise of the fishes as much as they would." 252, "There is difference also between a wife and a virgin. The unmarried woman careth for the things of the Lord, that she may be holy both in body and in spirit: but she that is married careth for the things of the world, how she may please her husband." 243, "And patience, experience; and experience, hope:" 648, "And from thenceforth Pilate sought to release him: but the Jews cried out, saying, If thou let this man go, thou art not Caesar's friend: whosoever maketh himself a king speaketh against Caesar." 233, "And Jesus said unto them, I am the bread of life: he that cometh to me shall never hunger; and he that believeth on me shall never thirst." 379, "And certain of the chief of Asia, which were his friends, sent unto him, desiring him that he would not adventure himself into the theatre." 212, "Know ye not that your bodies are the members of Christ? shall I then take the members of Christ, and make them the members of an harlot? God forbid." 369, "For he that is entered into his rest, he also hath ceased from his own works, as God did from his." 382, "And the night following the Lord stood by him, and said, Be of good cheer, Paul: for as thou hast testified of me in Jerusalem, so must thou bear witness also at Rome." 251, "When I call to remembrance the unfeigned faith that is in thee, which dwelt first in thy grandmother Lois, and thy mother Eunice; and I am persuaded that in thee also." 285, "Did not Moses give you the law, and yet none of you keepeth the law? Why go ye about to kill me?" 260, "For ye were sometimes darkness, but now are ye light in the Lord: walk as children of light:" 330, "For not the hearers of the law are just before God, but the doers of the law shall be justified." 340, "And the men which journeyed with him stood speechless, hearing a voice, but seeing no man." 283, "Now is the judgment of this world: now shall the prince of this world be cast out." 278, "Then Peter said unto her, How is it that ye have agreed together to tempt the Spirit of the Lord? behold, the feet of them which have buried thy husband are at the door, and shall carry thee out." 315, "I speak not by commandment, but by occasion of the forwardness of others, and to prove the sincerity of your love." 260, "Delivering thee from the people, and from the Gentiles, unto whom now I send thee," 312, "For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance." 283, "But that ye also may know my affairs, and how I do, Tychicus, a beloved brother and faithful minister in the Lord, shall make known to you all things:" 233, "And not only this; but when Rebecca also had conceived by one, even by our father Isaac;" 251, "For thou shalt be his witness unto all men of what thou hast seen and heard." 309, "Now I will come unto you, when I shall pass through Macedonia: for I do pass through Macedonia." 228, "To be discreet, chaste, keepers at home, good, obedient to their own husbands, that the word of God be not blasphemed." 366, "And he gave some, apostles; and some, prophets; and some, evangelists; and some, pastors and teachers;" 379, "For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God: and the dead in Christ shall rise first:" 394, "And in that day ye shall ask me nothing. Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall ask the Father in my name, he will give it you." 315, "And when they heard it, they glorified the Lord, and said unto him, Thou seest, brother, how many thousands of Jews there are which believe; and they are all zealous of the law:" 249, "For your obedience is come abroad unto all men. I am glad therefore on your behalf: but yet I would have you wise unto that which is good, and simple concerning evil." 278, "And some days after Paul said unto Barnabas, Let us go again and visit our brethren in every city where we have preached the word of the Lord, and see how they do." 283, "Ye shall seek me, and shall not find me: and where I am, thither ye cannot come." 199, "Nay, much more those members of the body, which seem to be more feeble, are necessary:" 324, "Not giving heed to Jewish fables, and commandments of men, that turn from the truth." 318, "And one Ananias, a devout man according to the law, having a good report of all the Jews which dwelt there," 257, "For what is our hope, or joy, or crown of rejoicing? Are not even ye in the presence of our Lord Jesus Christ at his coming?" 307, "But she is happier if she so abide, after my judgment: and I think also that I have the Spirit of God." 251, "And all the brethren which are with me, unto the churches of Galatia:" 254, "And now, Lord, behold their threatenings: and grant unto thy servants, that with all boldness they may speak thy word," 335, "Which also they did, and sent it to the elders by the hands of Barnabas and Saul." 268, "Seeing it is one God, which shall justify the circumcision by faith, and uncircumcision through faith." 272, "As also ye have acknowledged us in part, that we are your rejoicing, even as ye also are ours in the day of the Lord Jesus." 231, "And he gave him none inheritance in it, no, not so much as to set his foot on: yet he promised that he would give it to him for a possession, and to his seed after him, when as yet he had no child." 231, "For not he that commendeth himself is approved, but whom the Lord commendeth." 332, "But there rose up certain of the sect of the Pharisees which believed, saying, That it was needful to circumcise them, and to command them to keep the law of Moses." 314, "Whom I have sent unto you for the same purpose, that he might know your estate, and comfort your hearts;" 267, "And those members of the body, which we think to be less honourable, upon these we bestow more abundant honour; and our uncomely parts have more abundant comeliness." 306, "Being filled with all unrighteousness, fornication, wickedness, covetousness, maliciousness; full of envy, murder, debate, deceit, malignity; whisperers," 347, "Jesus answered and said unto her, If thou knewest the gift of God, and who it is that saith to thee, Give me to drink; thou wouldest have asked of him, and he would have given thee living water." 321, "Ye know how through infirmity of the flesh I preached the gospel unto you at the first." 278, "For if I build again the things which I destroyed, I make myself a transgressor." 321, "And hope maketh not ashamed; because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given unto us." 372, "The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things." 291, "He spake of Judas Iscariot the son of Simon: for he it was that should betray him, being one of the twelve." 264, "Then said Jesus unto Peter, Put up thy sword into the sheath: the cup which my Father hath given me, shall I not drink it?" 268, "For as by one man's disobedience many were made sinners, so by the obedience of one shall many be made righteous." 378, "Knowing that of the Lord ye shall receive the reward of the inheritance: for ye serve the Lord Christ." 344, "Salute Herodion my kinsman. Greet them that be of the household of Narcissus, which are in the Lord." 207, "There laid they Jesus therefore because of the Jews' preparation day; for the sepulchre was nigh at hand." 281, "Now therefore ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellowcitizens with the saints, and of the household of God;" 346, "All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness:" 459, "Of sin, because they believe not on me;" 357, "Who in times past suffered all nations to walk in their own ways." 270, "This thou knowest, that all they which are in Asia be turned away from me; of whom are Phygellus and Hermogenes." 3960, "For though I should boast somewhat more of our authority, which the Lord hath given us for edification, and not for your destruction, I should not be ashamed:" 264, "Know ye not that ye are the temple of God, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in you?" 368, "Then led they Jesus from Caiaphas unto the hall of judgment: and it was early; and they themselves went not into the judgment hall, lest they should be defiled; but that they might eat the passover." 231, "And will be a Father unto you, and ye shall be my sons and daughters, saith the Lord Almighty." 419, "And because he was of the same craft, he abode with them, and wrought: for by their occupation they were tentmakers." 312, "Then the chief captain came near, and took him, and commanded him to be bound with two chains; and demanded who he was, and what he had done." 211, "Rejoice with them that do rejoice, and weep with them that weep." 314, "For the body is not one member, but many." 286, "There is one body, and one Spirit, even as ye are called in one hope of your calling;" 398, "And that which thou sowest, thou sowest not that body that shall be, but bare grain, it may chance of wheat, or of some other grain:" 295, "And there came also Nicodemus, which at the first came to Jesus by night, and brought a mixture of myrrh and aloes, about an hundred pound weight." 289, "And he arose and went: and, behold, a man of Ethiopia, an eunuch of great authority under Candace queen of the Ethiopians, who had the charge of all her treasure, and had come to Jerusalem for to worship," 255, "But what things were gain to me, those I counted loss for Christ." 297, "And therefore it was imputed to him for righteousness." 156, "And I know that his commandment is life everlasting: whatsoever I speak therefore, even as the Father said unto me, so I speak." 292, "And knowest his will, and approvest the things that are more excellent, being instructed out of the law;" 254, "And to wait for his Son from heaven, whom he raised from the dead, even Jesus, which delivered us from the wrath to come." 355, "I told you before, and foretell you, as if I were present, the second time; and being absent now I write to them which heretofore have sinned, and to all other, that, if I come again, I will not spare:" 268, "And when we had sailed over the sea of Cilicia and Pamphylia, we came to Myra, a city of Lycia." 209, "Who being past feeling have given themselves over unto lasciviousness, to work all uncleanness with greediness." 316, "For what knowest thou, O wife, whether thou shalt save thy husband? or how knowest thou, O man, whether thou shalt save thy wife?" 322, "Howbeit we speak wisdom among them that are perfect: yet not the wisdom of this world, nor of the princes of this world, that come to nought:" 312, "Now the Lord of peace himself give you peace always by all means. The Lord be with you all." 272, "What shall we say then? Shall we continue in sin, that grace may abound?" 386, "Doth not even nature itself teach you, that, if a man have long hair, it is a shame unto him?" 362, "Who are Israelites; to whom pertaineth the adoption, and the glory, and the covenants, and the giving of the law, and the service of God, and the promises;" 314, "Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand;" 344, "Howbeit no man spake openly of him for fear of the Jews." 304, "Therefore leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ, let us go on unto perfection; not laying again the foundation of repentance from dead works, and of faith toward God," 364, "Therefore they gathered them together, and filled twelve baskets with the fragments of the five barley loaves, which remained over and above unto them that had eaten." 257, "And when they had prayed, the place was shaken where they were assembled together; and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and they spake the word of God with boldness." 342, "But as then he that was born after the flesh persecuted him that was born after the Spirit, even so it is now." 336, "That ye be not soon shaken in mind, or be troubled, neither by spirit, nor by word, nor by letter as from us, as that the day of Christ is at hand." 400, "Rebuke not an elder, but intreat him as a father; and the younger men as brethren;" 284, "Then pleased it the apostles and elders, with the whole church, to send chosen men of their own company to Antioch with Paul and Barnabas; namely, Judas surnamed Barsabas, and Silas, chief men among the brethren:" 2600, "And the next day we that were of Paul's company departed, and came unto Caesarea: and we entered into the house of Philip the evangelist, which was one of the seven; and abode with him." 293, "Praying us with much intreaty that we would receive the gift, and take upon us the fellowship of the ministering to the saints." 2290, "But I see another law in my members, warring against the law of my mind, and bringing me into captivity to the law of sin which is in my members." 338, "This is the bread which cometh down from heaven, that a man may eat thereof, and not die." 270, "And when they heard that he spake in the Hebrew tongue to them, they kept the more silence: and he saith,)" 244, "He that is of God heareth God's words: ye therefore hear them not, because ye are not of God." 333, "For they that are such serve not our Lord Jesus Christ, but their own belly; and by good words and fair speeches deceive the hearts of the simple." 302, "The same followed Paul and us, and cried, saying, These men are the servants of the most high God, which shew unto us the way of salvation." 294, "Whom I have sent unto you for the same purpose, that ye might know our affairs, and that he might comfort your hearts." 231, "Which was a figure for the time then present, in which were offered both gifts and sacrifices, that could not make him that did the service perfect, as pertaining to the conscience;" 284, "Known unto God are all his works from the beginning of the world." 337, "And so all Israel shall be saved: as it is written, There shall come out of Sion the Deliverer, and shall turn away ungodliness from Jacob:" 357, "Now while Peter doubted in himself what this vision which he had seen should mean, behold, the men which were sent from Cornelius had made enquiry for Simon's house, and stood before the gate," 235, "And he said, The Jews have agreed to desire thee that thou wouldest bring down Paul to morrow into the council, as though they would enquire somewhat of him more perfectly." 166, "Therefore said his parents, He is of age; ask him." 213, "Likewise greet the church that is in their house. Salute my wellbeloved Epaenetus, who is the firstfruits of Achaia unto Christ." 208, "Then Festus, when he had conferred with the council, answered, Hast thou appealed unto Caesar? unto Caesar shalt thou go." 244, "One man esteemeth one day above another: another esteemeth every day alike. Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind." 342, "So, as much as in me is, I am ready to preach the gospel to you that are at Rome also." 280, "And Jesus said, For judgment I am come into this world, that they which see not might see; and that they which see might be made blind." 268, "And herein do I exercise myself, to have always a conscience void of offence toward God, and toward men." 322, "That all men should honour the Son, even as they honour the Father. He that honoureth not the Son honoureth not the Father which hath sent him." 297, "Wherefore, sirs, be of good cheer: for I believe God, that it shall be even as it was told me." 305, "Nevertheless the foundation of God standeth sure, having this seal, The Lord knoweth them that are his. And, Let every one that nameth the name of Christ depart from iniquity." 352, "His brethren therefore said unto him, Depart hence, and go into Judaea, that thy disciples also may see the works that thou doest." 254, "And when Peter saw it, he answered unto the people, Ye men of Israel, why marvel ye at this? or why look ye so earnestly on us, as though by our own power or holiness we had made this man to walk?" 275, "Then the Jews sought him at the feast, and said, Where is he?" 237, "The Jews therefore, because it was the preparation, that the bodies should not remain upon the cross on the sabbath day, (for that sabbath day was an high day,) besought Pilate that their legs might be broken, and that they might be taken away." 317, "Brethren, my heart's desire and prayer to God for Israel is, that they might be saved." 340, "For of him, and through him, and to him, are all things: to whom be glory for ever. Amen." 313, "Who is he that condemneth? It is Christ that died, yea rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of God, who also maketh intercession for us." 286, "So likewise ye, except ye utter by the tongue words easy to be understood, how shall it be known what is spoken? for ye shall speak into the air." 297, "It is written in the prophets, And they shall be all taught of God. Every man therefore that hath heard, and hath learned of the Father, cometh unto me." 306, "That being justified by his grace, we should be made heirs according to the hope of eternal life." 308, "Jesus answered and said unto him, What I do thou knowest not now; but thou shalt know hereafter." 270, "And as I began to speak, the Holy Ghost fell on them, as on us at the beginning." 302, "Then saith the damsel that kept the door unto Peter, Art not thou also one of this man's disciples? He saith, I am not." 191, "But we all, with open face beholding as in a glass the glory of the Lord, are changed into the same image from glory to glory, even as by the Spirit of the Lord." 360, "Grace be to you and peace from God the Father, and from our Lord Jesus Christ," 133, "That their hearts might be comforted, being knit together in love, and unto all riches of the full assurance of understanding, to the acknowledgement of the mystery of God, and of the Father, and of Christ;" 326, "For they heard them speak with tongues, and magnify God. Then answered Peter," 312, "For this cause we also, since the day we heard it, do not cease to pray for you, and to desire that ye might be filled with the knowledge of his will in all wisdom and spiritual understanding;" 259, "Therefore hath he mercy on whom he will have mercy, and whom he will he hardeneth." 333, "Always in every prayer of mine for you all making request with joy," 307, "And now come I to thee; and these things I speak in the world, that they might have my joy fulfilled in themselves." 303, "And not rather, (as we be slanderously reported, and as some affirm that we say,) Let us do evil, that good may come? whose damnation is just." 3060, "To deliver such an one unto Satan for the destruction of the flesh, that the spirit may be saved in the day of the Lord Jesus." 368, "I was in the city of Joppa praying: and in a trance I saw a vision, A certain vessel descend, as it had been a great sheet, let down from heaven by four corners; and it came even to me:" 222, "Then said some of his disciples among themselves, What is this that he saith unto us, A little while, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little while, and ye shall see me: and, Because I go to the Father?" 241, "And when he had considered the thing, he came to the house of Mary the mother of John, whose surname was Mark; where many were gathered together praying." 268, "That there should be no schism in the body; but that the members should have the same care one for another." 330, "In the day when God shall judge the secrets of men by Jesus Christ according to my gospel." 279, "That whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have eternal life." 270, "And Annas the high priest, and Caiaphas, and John, and Alexander, and as many as were of the kindred of the high priest, were gathered together at Jerusalem." 262, "In whom also we have obtained an inheritance, being predestinated according to the purpose of him who worketh all things after the counsel of his own will:" 292, "For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strong holds;)" 381, "For this cause therefore have I called for you, to see you, and to speak with you: because that for the hope of Israel I am bound with this chain." 237, "That in every thing ye are enriched by him, in all utterance, and in all knowledge;" 294, "Wherefore thou art no more a servant, but a son; and if a son, then an heir of God through Christ." 395, "Receive us; we have wronged no man, we have corrupted no man, we have defrauded no man." 273, "Now a mediator is not a mediator of one, but God is one." 285, "Now when the high priest and the captain of the temple and the chief priests heard these things, they doubted of them whereunto this would grow." 214, "Now when they heard this, they were pricked in their heart, and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles, Men and brethren, what shall we do?" 341, "But she that liveth in pleasure is dead while she liveth." 318, "For if that first covenant had been faultless, then should no place have been sought for the second." 387, "For first of all, when ye come together in the church, I hear that there be divisions among you; and I partly believe it." 281, "And when he had thus spoken, he dismissed the assembly." 284, "And now, behold, I go bound in the spirit unto Jerusalem, not knowing the things that shall befall me there:" 250, "Because that thou mayest understand, that there are yet but twelve days since I went up to Jerusalem for to worship." 202, "And as they cried out, and cast off their clothes, and threw dust into the air," 218, "Again, he limiteth a certain day, saying in David, To day, after so long a time; as it is said, To day if ye will hear his voice, harden not your hearts." 3890, "That he may take part of this ministry and apostleship, from which Judas by transgression fell, that he might go to his own place." 273, "But if I do, though ye believe not me, believe the works: that ye may know, and believe, that the Father is in me, and I in him." 320, "Whiles by the experiment of this ministration they glorify God for your professed subjection unto the gospel of Christ, and for your liberal distribution unto them, and unto all men;" 303, "Yea, brother, let me have joy of thee in the Lord: refresh my bowels in the Lord." 266, "The thief cometh not, but for to steal, and to kill, and to destroy: I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly." 381, "For now we see through a glass, darkly; but then face to face: now I know in part; but then shall I know even as also I am known." 436, "And what concord hath Christ with Belial? or what part hath he that believeth with an infidel?" 414, "And said unto them, Sirs, I perceive that this voyage will be with hurt and much damage, not only of the lading and ship, but also of our lives." 244, "Unto which promise our twelve tribes, instantly serving God day and night, hope to come. For which hope's sake, king Agrippa, I am accused of the Jews." 228, "Wherefore I give you to understand, that no man speaking by the Spirit of God calleth Jesus accursed: and that no man can say that Jesus is the Lord, but by the Holy Ghost." 310, "For though I be free from all men, yet have I made myself servant unto all, that I might gain the more." 334, "And his inward affection is more abundant toward you, whilst he remembereth the obedience of you all, how with fear and trembling ye received him." 232, "For this cause God gave them up unto vile affections: for even their women did change the natural use into that which is against nature:" 357, "While it is said, To day if ye will hear his voice, harden not your hearts, as in the provocation." 318, "And this was done three times: and all were drawn up again into heaven." 264, "For they have refreshed my spirit and yours: therefore acknowledge ye them that are such." 194, "That I may come unto you with joy by the will of God, and may with you be refreshed." 231, "For we know that the whole creation groaneth and travaileth in pain together until now." 323, "Now there was leaning on Jesus' bosom one of his disciples, whom Jesus loved." 280, "To open their eyes, and to turn them from darkness to light, and from the power of Satan unto God, that they may receive forgiveness of sins, and inheritance among them which are sanctified by faith that is in me." 306, "How that he was caught up into paradise, and heard unspeakable words, which it is not lawful for a man to utter." 333, "Let no man therefore judge you in meat, or in drink, or in respect of an holyday, or of the new moon, or of the sabbath days:" 350, "Then said Pilate unto them, Take ye him, and judge him according to your law. The Jews therefore said unto him, It is not lawful for us to put any man to death:" 253, "But the Jews did not believe concerning him, that he had been blind, and received his sight, until they called the parents of him that had received his sight." 226, "Recompense to no man evil for evil. Provide things honest in the sight of all men." 313, "He that hath received his testimony hath set to his seal that God is true." 272, "But they had heard only, That he which persecuted us in times past now preacheth the faith which once he destroyed." 299, "Then were they all of good cheer, and they also took some meat." 229, "But they cried out, Away with him, away with him, crucify him. Pilate saith unto them, Shall I crucify your King? The chief priests answered, We have no king but Caesar." 249, "Whom Jason hath received: and these all do contrary to the decrees of Caesar, saying that there is another king, one Jesus." 263, "Nay but, O man, who art thou that repliest against God? Shall the thing formed say to him that formed it, Why hast thou made me thus?" 6560, "Therefore I take pleasure in infirmities, in reproaches, in necessities, in persecutions, in distresses for Christ's sake: for when I am weak, then am I strong." 388, "But speaking the truth in love, may grow up into him in all things, which is the head, even Christ:" 367, "Charity suffereth long, and is kind; charity envieth not; charity vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up," 366, "For this cause ought the woman to have power on her head because of the angels." 341, "Greet one another with an holy kiss." 296, "But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you." 345, "But this I say, He which soweth sparingly shall reap also sparingly; and he which soweth bountifully shall reap also bountifully." 408, "Now when Paul and his company loosed from Paphos, they came to Perga in Pamphylia: and John departing from them returned to Jerusalem." 236, "Him therefore I hope to send presently, so soon as I shall see how it will go with me." 215, "To the intent that now unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places might be known by the church the manifold wisdom of God," 334, "For the earth is the Lord's, and the fulness thereof." 120, "For the fruit of the Spirit is in all goodness and righteousness and truth;)" 244, "And indeed ye do it toward all the brethren which are in all Macedonia: but we beseech you, brethren, that ye increase more and more;" 253, "Then Philip opened his mouth, and began at the same scripture, and preached unto him Jesus." 367, "For unto which of the angels said he at any time, Thou art my Son, this day have I begotten thee? And again, I will be to him a Father, and he shall be to me a Son?" 377, "But God commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us." 333, "To God only wise, be glory through Jesus Christ for ever. Amen." 228, "Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that which is good to the use of edifying, that it may minister grace unto the hearers." 366, "But the scripture hath concluded all under sin, that the promise by faith of Jesus Christ might be given to them that believe." 299, "For I came down from heaven, not to do mine own will, but the will of him that sent me." 330, "The one preach Christ of contention, not sincerely, supposing to add affliction to my bonds:" 300, "And Peter, fastening his eyes upon him with John, said, Look on us." 310, "Wherein were all manner of fourfooted beasts of the earth, and wild beasts, and creeping things, and fowls of the air." 296, "For he that soweth to his flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption; but he that soweth to the Spirit shall of the Spirit reap life everlasting." 375, "But we desire to hear of thee what thou thinkest: for as concerning this sect, we know that every where it is spoken against." 242, "Now Jacob's well was there. Jesus therefore, being wearied with his journey, sat thus on the well: and it was about the sixth hour." 300, "Wherefore if Demetrius, and the craftsmen which are with him, have a matter against any man, the law is open, and there are deputies: let them implead one another." 208, "But I receive not testimony from man: but these things I say, that ye might be saved." 219, "Then Agrippa said unto Paul, Almost thou persuadest me to be a Christian." 352, "Then came the Jews round about him, and said unto him, How long dost thou make us to doubt? If thou be the Christ, tell us plainly." 242, "Rooted and built up in him, and stablished in the faith, as ye have been taught, abounding therein with thanksgiving." 350, "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me." 387, "And when the barbarians saw the venomous beast hang on his hand, they said among themselves, No doubt this man is a murderer, whom, though he hath escaped the sea, yet vengeance suffereth not to live." 258, "Greet Priscilla and Aquila my helpers in Christ Jesus:" 411, "And he that was healed wist not who it was: for Jesus had conveyed himself away, a multitude being in that place." 244, "For I determined not to know any thing among you, save Jesus Christ, and him crucified." 329, "Then Peter, turning about, seeth the disciple whom Jesus loved following; which also leaned on his breast at supper, and said, Lord, which is he that betrayeth thee?" 3070, "Howbeit we know this man whence he is: but when Christ cometh, no man knoweth whence he is." 221, "And hath put all things under his feet, and gave him to be the head over all things to the church," 380, "And be not conformed to this world: but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that ye may prove what is that good, and acceptable, and perfect, will of God." 429, "But shun profane and vain babblings: for they will increase unto more ungodliness." 328, "Being enriched in every thing to all bountifulness, which causeth through us thanksgiving to God." 328, "And he leaping up stood, and walked, and entered with them into the temple, walking, and leaping, and praising God." 320, "Even so then at this present time also there is a remnant according to the election of grace." 322, "For we are unto God a sweet savour of Christ, in them that are saved, and in them that perish:" 366, "Therefore being a prophet, and knowing that God had sworn with an oath to him, that of the fruit of his loins, according to the flesh, he would raise up Christ to sit on his throne;" 316, "It is good neither to eat flesh, nor to drink wine, nor any thing whereby thy brother stumbleth, or is offended, or is made weak." 315, "Now if Christ be preached that he rose from the dead, how say some among you that there is no resurrection of the dead?" 312, "When they heard these things, they were cut to the heart, and they gnashed on him with their teeth." 304, "And the keeper of the prison awaking out of his sleep, and seeing the prison doors open, he drew out his sword, and would have killed himself, supposing that the prisoners had been fled." 291, "Even so ye, forasmuch as ye are zealous of spiritual gifts, seek that ye may excel to the edifying of the church." 313, "And verily they that are of the sons of Levi, who receive the office of the priesthood, have a commandment to take tithes of the people according to the law, that is, of their brethren, though they come out of the loins of Abraham:" 282, "Then they went out of the city, and came unto him." 89, "But now in Christ Jesus ye who sometimes were far off are made nigh by the blood of Christ." 368, "Therefore if the uncircumcision keep the righteousness of the law, shall not his uncircumcision be counted for circumcision?" 263, "Grace be to you and peace from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ." 163, "For godly sorrow worketh repentance to salvation not to be repented of: but the sorrow of the world worketh death." 381, "And being brought on their way by the church, they passed through Phenice and Samaria, declaring the conversion of the Gentiles: and they caused great joy unto all the brethren." 2190, "And they drew Alexander out of the multitude, the Jews putting him forward. And Alexander beckoned with the hand, and would have made his defence unto the people." 209, "Which when the apostles, Barnabas and Paul, heard of, they rent their clothes, and ran in among the people, crying out," 281, "He that hath my commandments, and keepeth them, he it is that loveth me: and he that loveth me shall be loved of my Father, and I will love him, and will manifest myself to him." 335, "For every high priest is ordained to offer gifts and sacrifices: wherefore it is of necessity that this man have somewhat also to offer." 329, "And from thence, when the brethren heard of us, they came to meet us as far as Appii forum, and The three taverns: whom when Paul saw, he thanked God, and took courage." 1980, "And you, being dead in your sins and the uncircumcision of your flesh, hath he quickened together with him, having forgiven you all trespasses;" 378, "And when Paul had laid his hands upon them, the Holy Ghost came on them; and they spake with tongues, and prophesied." 360, "Who hath saved us, and called us with an holy calling, not according to our works, but according to his own purpose and grace, which was given us in Christ Jesus before the world began," 356, "Jesus answered, If I honour myself, my honour is nothing: it is my Father that honoureth me; of whom ye say, that he is your God:" 223, "And not for that nation only, but that also he should gather together in one the children of God that were scattered abroad." 282, "And the evil spirit answered and said, Jesus I know, and Paul I know; but who are ye?" 304, "And brought them to the magistrates, saying, These men, being Jews, do exceedingly trouble our city," 213, "Put them in mind to be subject to principalities and powers, to obey magistrates, to be ready to every good work," 298, "For I say, through the grace given unto me, to every man that is among you, not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think; but to think soberly, according as God hath dealt to every man the measure of faith." 352, "Therefore did my heart rejoice, and my tongue was glad; moreover also my flesh shall rest in hope:" 309, "But when they had commanded them to go aside out of the council, they conferred among themselves," 271, "Neither be ye idolaters, as were some of them; as it is written, The people sat down to eat and drink, and rose up to play." 258, "They answered and said unto him, Abraham is our father. Jesus saith unto them, If ye were Abraham's children, ye would do the works of Abraham." 296, "For the man was above forty years old, on whom this miracle of healing was shewed." 202, "After these things Jesus shewed himself again to the disciples at the sea of Tiberias; and on this wise shewed he himself." 287, "For thou verily givest thanks well, but the other is not edified." 410, "I know that ye are Abraham's seed; but ye seek to kill me, because my word hath no place in you." 271, "And saw heaven opened, and a certain vessel descending unto him, as it had been a great sheet knit at the four corners, and let down to the earth:" 289, "If I had not done among them the works which none other man did, they had not had sin: but now have they both seen and hated both me and my Father." 281, "For the which cause I also suffer these things: nevertheless I am not ashamed: for I know whom I have believed, and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I have committed unto him against that day." 310, "Being defamed, we intreat: we are made as the filth of the world, and are the offscouring of all things unto this day." 292, "But we have this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power may be of God, and not of us." 353, "For I am the least of the apostles, that am not meet to be called an apostle, because I persecuted the church of God." 293, "Till I come, give attendance to reading, to exhortation, to doctrine." 338, "They said therefore among themselves, Let us not rend it, but cast lots for it, whose it shall be: that the scripture might be fulfilled, which saith, They parted my raiment among them, and for my vesture they did cast lots. These things therefore the soldiers did." 265, "For in Christ Jesus neither circumcision availeth any thing, nor uncircumcision, but a new creature." 354, "For indeed he was sick nigh unto death: but God had mercy on him; and not on him only, but on me also, lest I should have sorrow upon sorrow." 262, "And that we may be delivered from unreasonable and wicked men: for all men have not faith." 377, "And that the Gentiles might glorify God for his mercy; as it is written, For this cause I will confess to thee among the Gentiles, and sing unto thy name." 236, "The night is far spent, the day is at hand: let us therefore cast off the works of darkness, and let us put on the armour of light." 327, "And delivered him out of all his afflictions, and gave him favour and wisdom in the sight of Pharaoh king of Egypt; and he made him governor over Egypt and all his house." 217, "This Moses whom they refused, saying, Who made thee a ruler and a judge? the same did God send to be a ruler and a deliverer by the hand of the angel which appeared to him in the bush." 198, "And God hath both raised up the Lord, and will also raise up us by his own power." 338, "Yet for love's sake I rather beseech thee, being such an one as Paul the aged, and now also a prisoner of Jesus Christ." 268, "Whom I perceived to be accused of questions of their law, but to have nothing laid to his charge worthy of death or of bonds." 206, "For our comely parts have no need: but God hath tempered the body together, having given more abundant honour to that part which lacked:" 303, "Alexander the coppersmith did me much evil: the Lord reward him according to his works:" 313, "And when neither sun nor stars in many days appeared, and no small tempest lay on us, all hope that we should be saved was then taken away." 226, "There were together Simon Peter, and Thomas called Didymus, and Nathanael of Cana in Galilee, and the sons of Zebedee, and two other of his disciples." 264, "Saying, Surely blessing I will bless thee, and multiplying I will multiply thee." 293, "That the saying might be fulfilled, which he spake, Of them which thou gavest me have I lost none." 261, "Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ?" 290, "Then sought they for Jesus, and spake among themselves, as they stood in the temple, What think ye, that he will not come to the feast?" 214, "But we are sure that the judgment of God is according to truth against them which commit such things." 298, "Of whom we have many things to say, and hard to be uttered, seeing ye are dull of hearing." 335, "Submitting yourselves one to another in the fear of God." 320, "But now having no more place in these parts, and having a great desire these many years to come unto you;" 202, "For as often as ye eat this bread, and drink this cup, ye do shew the Lord's death till he come." 371, "And he is before all things, and by him all things consist." 317, "Peter said unto him, Lord, why cannot I follow thee now? I will lay down my life for thy sake." 211, "That ye may be blameless and harmless, the sons of God, without rebuke, in the midst of a crooked and perverse nation, among whom ye shine as lights in the world;" 354, "For as many of you as have been baptized into Christ have put on Christ." 254, "Let not sin therefore reign in your mortal body, that ye should obey it in the lusts thereof." 383, "And that they may recover themselves out of the snare of the devil, who are taken captive by him at his will." 347, "Now when the congregation was broken up, many of the Jews and religious proselytes followed Paul and Barnabas: who, speaking to them, persuaded them to continue in the grace of God." 286, "How is it then, brethren? when ye come together, every one of you hath a psalm, hath a doctrine, hath a tongue, hath a revelation, hath an interpretation. Let all things be done unto edifying." 315, "Wherefore he saith, When he ascended up on high, he led captivity captive, and gave gifts unto men." 321, "I speak not of you all: I know whom I have chosen: but that the scripture may be fulfilled, He that eateth bread with me hath lifted up his heel against me." 239, "Backbiters, haters of God, despiteful, proud, boasters, inventors of evil things, disobedient to parents," 500, "Then again the Pharisees also asked him how he had received his sight. He said unto them, He put clay upon mine eyes, and I washed, and do see." 255, "Until the day in which he was taken up, after that he through the Holy Ghost had given commandments unto the apostles whom he had chosen:" 302, "All the brethren greet you. Greet ye one another with an holy kiss." 273, "For if I be an offender, or have committed any thing worthy of death, I refuse not to die: but if there be none of these things whereof these accuse me, no man may deliver me unto them. I appeal unto Caesar." 232, "Some men's sins are open beforehand, going before to judgment; and some men they follow after." 282, "And after the reading of the law and the prophets the rulers of the synagogue sent unto them, saying, Ye men and brethren, if ye have any word of exhortation for the people, say on." 249, "And it came to pass, that after we were gotten from them, and had launched, we came with a straight course unto Coos, and the day following unto Rhodes, and from thence unto Patara:" 175, "For when for the time ye ought to be teachers, ye have need that one teach you again which be the first principles of the oracles of God; and are become such as have need of milk, and not of strong meat." 366, "See that none render evil for evil unto any man; but ever follow that which is good, both among yourselves, and to all men." 315, "It was said unto her, The elder shall serve the younger." 310, "For I suppose I was not a whit behind the very chiefest apostles." 249, "And I am glad for your sakes that I was not there, to the intent ye may believe; nevertheless let us go unto him." 267, "Jesus heard that they had cast him out; and when he had found him, he said unto him, Dost thou believe on the Son of God?" 274, "For we would not, brethren, have you ignorant of our trouble which came to us in Asia, that we were pressed out of measure, above strength, insomuch that we despaired even of life:" 286, "Wherefore he is able also to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by him, seeing he ever liveth to make intercession for them." 398, "For in Jesus Christ neither circumcision availeth any thing, nor uncircumcision; but faith which worketh by love." 348, "What shall we say then? That the Gentiles, which followed not after righteousness, have attained to righteousness, even the righteousness which is of faith." 277, "And believers were the more added to the Lord, multitudes both of men and women.)" 302, "Jesus saith unto him, Have I been so long time with you, and yet hast thou not known me, Philip? he that hath seen me hath seen the Father; and how sayest thou then, Shew us the Father?" 276, "And when they were at Salamis, they preached the word of God in the synagogues of the Jews: and they had also John to their minister." 240, "For meat destroy not the work of God. All things indeed are pure; but it is evil for that man who eateth with offence." 284, "By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one to another." 404, "Put on therefore, as the elect of God, holy and beloved, bowels of mercies, kindness, humbleness of mind, meekness, longsuffering;" 401, "For when they shall say, Peace and safety; then sudden destruction cometh upon them, as travail upon a woman with child; and they shall not escape." 367, "Thou hast put all things in subjection under his feet. For in that he put all in subjection under him, he left nothing that is not put under him. But now we see not yet all things put under him." 329, "Even so have these also now not believed, that through your mercy they also may obtain mercy." 299, "For his disciples were gone away unto the city to buy meat.)" 270, "For the unbelieving husband is sanctified by the wife, and the unbelieving wife is sanctified by the husband: else were your children unclean; but now are they holy." 306, "But I will tarry at Ephesus until Pentecost." 455, "For whatsoever things were written aforetime were written for our learning, that we through patience and comfort of the scriptures might have hope." 333, "Beware therefore, lest that come upon you, which is spoken of in the prophets;" 264, "Therefore being justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ:" 291, "And again he saith, Rejoice, ye Gentiles, with his people." 273, "But their minds were blinded: for until this day remaineth the same vail untaken away in the reading of the old testament; which vail is done away in Christ." 333, "For an angel went down at a certain season into the pool, and troubled the water: whosoever then first after the troubling of the water stepped in was made whole of whatsoever disease he had." 308, "Paul, a servant of Jesus Christ, called to be an apostle, separated unto the gospel of God," 226, "If in this life only we have hope in Christ, we are of all men most miserable." 369, "I write not these things to shame you, but as my beloved sons I warn you." 273, "And they prayed, and said, Thou, Lord, which knowest the hearts of all men, shew whether of these two thou hast chosen," 273, "And the serjeants told these words unto the magistrates: and they feared, when they heard that they were Romans." 184, "For which cause we faint not; but though our outward man perish, yet the inward man is renewed day by day." 339, "But hath in due times manifested his word through preaching, which is committed unto me according to the commandment of God our Saviour;" 275, "I will therefore that the younger women marry, bear children, guide the house, give none occasion to the adversary to speak reproachfully." 283, "Then Paul called one of the centurions unto him, and said, Bring this young man unto the chief captain: for he hath a certain thing to tell him." 203, "Then said the Jews, Will he kill himself? because he saith, Whither I go, ye cannot come." 216, "When Jesus therefore saw her weeping, and the Jews also weeping which came with her, he groaned in the spirit, and was troubled," 290, "For bodily exercise profiteth little: but godliness is profitable unto all things, having promise of the life that now is, and of that which is to come." 339, "But unto the Son he saith, Thy throne, O God, is for ever and ever: a sceptre of righteousness is the sceptre of thy kingdom." 353, "And he kneeled down, and cried with a loud voice, Lord, lay not this sin to their charge. And when he had said this, he fell asleep." 275, "Do ye not know that they which minister about holy things live of the things of the temple? and they which wait at the altar are partakers with the altar?" 310, "And when he was cast out, Pharaoh's daughter took him up, and nourished him for her own son." 236, "I thank my God upon every remembrance of you," 431, "For in that he died, he died unto sin once: but in that he liveth, he liveth unto God." 366, "But what saith the answer of God unto him? I have reserved to myself seven thousand men, who have not bowed the knee to the image of Baal." 315, "As long as I am in the world, I am the light of the world." 81, "Saying, Thou wentest in to men uncircumcised, and didst eat with them." 393, "And said, O full of all subtilty and all mischief, thou child of the devil, thou enemy of all righteousness, wilt thou not cease to pervert the right ways of the Lord?" 257, "For he longed after you all, and was full of heaviness, because that ye had heard that he had been sick." 252, "Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he." 310, "Avoiding this, that no man should blame us in this abundance which is administered by us:" 252, "And with great power gave the apostles witness of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus: and great grace was upon them all." 329, "Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing; and I will receive you," 481, "Let them therefore, said he, which among you are able, go down with me, and accuse this man, if there be any wickedness in him." 224, "And when he had given thanks, he brake it, and said, Take, eat: this is my body, which is broken for you: this do in remembrance of me." 363, "That in the ages to come he might shew the exceeding riches of his grace in his kindness toward us through Christ Jesus." 347, "Let us not therefore judge one another any more: but judge this rather, that no man put a stumblingblock or an occasion to fall in his brother's way." 306, "For there is one God, and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus;" 253, "Strengthened with all might, according to his glorious power, unto all patience and longsuffering with joyfulness;" 280, "But we were gentle among you, even as a nurse cherisheth her children:" 312, "But to us there is but one God, the Father, of whom are all things, and we in him; and one Lord Jesus Christ, by whom are all things, and we by him." 361, "Salute Asyncritus, Phlegon, Hermas, Patrobas, Hermes, and the brethren which are with them." 326, "Then after that saith he to his disciples, Let us go into Judaea again." 251, "And many believed on him there." 182, "Not purloining, but shewing all good fidelity; that they may adorn the doctrine of God our Saviour in all things." 306, "And the scripture, foreseeing that God would justify the heathen through faith, preached before the gospel unto Abraham, saying, In thee shall all nations be blessed." 290, "And this was known to all the Jews and Greeks also dwelling at Ephesus; and fear fell on them all, and the name of the Lord Jesus was magnified." 266, "For we are in danger to be called in question for this day's uproar, there being no cause whereby we may give an account of this concourse." 210, "But as it is written, To whom he was not spoken of, they shall see: and they that have not heard shall understand." 245, "Therefore we conclude that a man is justified by faith without the deeds of the law." 355, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, If a man keep my saying, he shall never see death." 326, "And they shall not teach every man his neighbour, and every man his brother, saying, Know the Lord: for all shall know me, from the least to the greatest." 355, "Therefore let us keep the feast, not with old leaven, neither with the leaven of malice and wickedness; but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth." 330, "And to this agree the words of the prophets; as it is written," 344, "But put ye on the Lord Jesus Christ, and make not provision for the flesh, to fulfil the lusts thereof." 359, "Furthermore then we beseech you, brethren, and exhort you by the Lord Jesus, that as ye have received of us how ye ought to walk and to please God, so ye would abound more and more." 289, "Not according to the covenant that I made with their fathers in the day when I took them by the hand to lead them out of the land of Egypt; because they continued not in my covenant, and I regarded them not, saith the Lord." 335, "He hoped also that money should have been given him of Paul, that he might loose him: wherefore he sent for him the oftener, and communed with him." 235, "And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting." 361, "And it came to pass on the morrow, that their rulers, and elders, and scribes," 219, "I do not frustrate the grace of God: for if righteousness come by the law, then Christ is dead in vain." 328, "But if ye enquire any thing concerning other matters, it shall be determined in a lawful assembly." 204, "Then cometh Simon Peter following him, and went into the sepulchre, and seeth the linen clothes lie," 290, "Now as soon as it was day, there was no small stir among the soldiers, what was become of Peter." 250, "Salute Apelles approved in Christ. Salute them which are of Aristobulus' household." 295, "But as God hath distributed to every man, as the Lord hath called every one, so let him walk. And so ordain I in all churches." 260, "And when Paul was now about to open his mouth, Gallio said unto the Jews, If it were a matter of wrong or wicked lewdness, O ye Jews, reason would that I should bear with you:" 213, "Saying, This is the blood of the testament which God hath enjoined unto you." 305, "I can do all things through Christ which strengtheneth me." 76300, "Whereupon certain Jews from Asia found me purified in the temple, neither with multitude, nor with tumult." 217, "And when she was baptized, and her household, she besought us, saying, If ye have judged me to be faithful to the Lord, come into my house, and abide there. And she constrained us." 268, "What? know ye not that he which is joined to an harlot is one body? for two, saith he, shall be one flesh." 367, "But after thy hardness and impenitent heart treasurest up unto thyself wrath against the day of wrath and revelation of the righteous judgment of God;" 331, "From whom the whole body fitly joined together and compacted by that which every joint supplieth, according to the effectual working in the measure of every part, maketh increase of the body unto the edifying of itself in love." 358, "For I testify again to every man that is circumcised, that he is a debtor to do the whole law." 354, "And Paul dwelt two whole years in his own hired house, and received all that came in unto him," 301, "And when they had gone through the isle unto Paphos, they found a certain sorcerer, a false prophet, a Jew, whose name was Barjesus:" 270, "And the scribes and Pharisees brought unto him a woman taken in adultery; and when they had set her in the midst," 308, "Forbidding us to speak to the Gentiles that they might be saved, to fill up their sins alway: for the wrath is come upon them to the uttermost." 305, "And having this confidence, I know that I shall abide and continue with you all for your furtherance and joy of faith;" 235, "So then, brethren, we are not children of the bondwoman, but of the free." 290, "If we live in the Spirit, let us also walk in the Spirit." 344, "If I then, your Lord and Master, have washed your feet; ye also ought to wash one another's feet." 395, "Render therefore to all their dues: tribute to whom tribute is due; custom to whom custom; fear to whom fear; honour to whom honour." 353, "The Pharisees therefore said unto him, Thou bearest record of thyself; thy record is not true." 249, "What say I then? that the idol is any thing, or that which is offered in sacrifice to idols is any thing?" 297, "Pray without ceasing." 250000, "And when it was day, certain of the Jews banded together, and bound themselves under a curse, saying that they would neither eat nor drink till they had killed Paul." 228, "If any man's work shall be burned, he shall suffer loss: but he himself shall be saved; yet so as by fire." 375, "And as he journeyed, he came near Damascus: and suddenly there shined round about him a light from heaven:" 258, "Pilate answered, Am I a Jew? Thine own nation and the chief priests have delivered thee unto me: what hast thou done?" 275, "Then fled Moses at this saying, and was a stranger in the land of Madian, where he begat two sons." 215, "If others be partakers of this power over you, are not we rather? Nevertheless we have not used this power; but suffer all things, lest we should hinder the gospel of Christ." 265, "Their feet are swift to shed blood:" 526, "These things I have spoken unto you, that in me ye might have peace. In the world ye shall have tribulation: but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world." 341, "Husbands, love your wives, even as Christ also loved the church, and gave himself for it;" 354, "Salute Rufus chosen in the Lord, and his mother and mine." 228, "Jesus knowing that the Father had given all things into his hands, and that he was come from God, and went to God;" 230, "Are they not all ministering spirits, sent forth to minister for them who shall be heirs of salvation?" 297, "For if a man think himself to be something, when he is nothing, he deceiveth himself." 17800, "And he took them the same hour of the night, and washed their stripes; and was baptized, he and all his, straightway." 333, "And after they had passed throughout Pisidia, they came to Pamphylia." 312, "And the day following Paul went in with us unto James; and all the elders were present." 238, "For we have heard him say, that this Jesus of Nazareth shall destroy this place, and shall change the customs which Moses delivered us." 305, "The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you." 288, "But all these things will they do unto you for my name's sake, because they know not him that sent me." 285, "Let no man therefore despise him: but conduct him forth in peace, that he may come unto me: for I look for him with the brethren." 211, "God also bearing them witness, both with signs and wonders, and with divers miracles, and gifts of the Holy Ghost, according to his own will?" 329, "No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day." 343, "But foolish and unlearned questions avoid, knowing that they do gender strifes." 420, "And some of them said, Could not this man, which opened the eyes of the blind, have caused that even this man should not have died?" 276, "And they that are Christ's have crucified the flesh with the affections and lusts." 342, "Finally, my brethren, rejoice in the Lord. To write the same things to you, to me indeed is not grievous, but for you it is safe." 283, "As many as desire to make a fair shew in the flesh, they constrain you to be circumcised; only lest they should suffer persecution for the cross of Christ." 280, "But God forbid that I should glory, save in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom the world is crucified unto me, and I unto the world." 350, "But this I say, brethren, the time is short: it remaineth, that both they that have wives be as though they had none;" 240, "They zealously affect you, but not well; yea, they would exclude you, that ye might affect them." 262, "The first man is of the earth, earthy: the second man is the Lord from heaven." 235, "Even as it is meet for me to think this of you all, because I have you in my heart; inasmuch as both in my bonds, and in the defence and confirmation of the gospel, ye all are partakers of my grace." 258, "But when they believed Philip preaching the things concerning the kingdom of God, and the name of Jesus Christ, they were baptized, both men and women." 321, "The Jews therefore strove among themselves, saying, How can this man give us his flesh to eat?" 276, "Now if we be dead with Christ, we believe that we shall also live with him:" 340, "Then saith one of his disciples, Judas Iscariot, Simon's son, which should betray him," 272, "For these things were done, that the scripture should be fulfilled, A bone of him shall not be broken." 320, "But he said unto them, I have meat to eat that ye know not of." 262, "But this I confess unto thee, that after the way which they call heresy, so worship I the God of my fathers, believing all things which are written in the law and in the prophets:" 320, "And, having made peace through the blood of his cross, by him to reconcile all things unto himself; by him, I say, whether they be things in earth, or things in heaven." 342, "Wherefore then serveth the law? It was added because of transgressions, till the seed should come to whom the promise was made; and it was ordained by angels in the hand of a mediator." 299, "But if, while we seek to be justified by Christ, we ourselves also are found sinners, is therefore Christ the minister of sin? God forbid." 318, "And he went out, and followed him; and wist not that it was true which was done by the angel; but thought he saw a vision." 280, "And when he was come, the Jews which came down from Jerusalem stood round about, and laid many and grievous complaints against Paul, which they could not prove." 243, "And whatsoever ye shall ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son." 353, "For he will finish the work, and cut it short in righteousness: because a short work will the Lord make upon the earth." 287, "Nevertheless let every one of you in particular so love his wife even as himself; and the wife see that she reverence her husband." 309, "But they shall proceed no further: for their folly shall be manifest unto all men, as theirs also was." 323, "For it seemed good to the Holy Ghost, and to us, to lay upon you no greater burden than these necessary things;" 338, "These words spake Jesus, and lifted up his eyes to heaven, and said, Father, the hour is come; glorify thy Son, that thy Son also may glorify thee:" 313, "For which things' sake the wrath of God cometh on the children of disobedience:" 445, "The elder women as mothers; the younger as sisters, with all purity." 253, "And if any man think that he knoweth any thing, he knoweth nothing yet as he ought to know." 328, "For I will not dare to speak of any of those things which Christ hath not wrought by me, to make the Gentiles obedient, by word and deed," 230, "Likewise reckon ye also yourselves to be dead indeed unto sin, but alive unto God through Jesus Christ our Lord." 379, "For Jesus himself testified, that a prophet hath no honour in his own country." 226, "After these things Jesus walked in Galilee: for he would not walk in Jewry, because the Jews sought to kill him." 266, "But now when Timotheus came from you unto us, and brought us good tidings of your faith and charity, and that ye have good remembrance of us always, desiring greatly to see us, as we also to see you:" 256, "Whose are the fathers, and of whom as concerning the flesh Christ came, who is over all, God blessed for ever. Amen." 306, "And there accompanied him into Asia Sopater of Berea; and of the Thessalonians, Aristarchus and Secundus; and Gaius of Derbe, and Timotheus; and of Asia, Tychicus and Trophimus." 185, "Then again called they the man that was blind, and said unto him, Give God the praise: we know that this man is a sinner." 268, "Lest Satan should get an advantage of us: for we are not ignorant of his devices." 322, "The sun shall be turned into darkness, and the moon into blood, before that great and notable day of the Lord come:" 330, "I am come in my Father's name, and ye receive me not: if another shall come in his own name, him ye will receive." 335, "But contrariwise, when they saw that the gospel of the uncircumcision was committed unto me, as the gospel of the circumcision was unto Peter;" 310, "What then? notwithstanding, every way, whether in pretence, or in truth, Christ is preached; and I therein do rejoice, yea, and will rejoice." 313, "I am come a light into the world, that whosoever believeth on me should not abide in darkness." 345, "Among whom are ye also the called of Jesus Christ:" 267, "Where is boasting then? It is excluded. By what law? of works? Nay: but by the law of faith." 338, "For who maketh thee to differ from another? and what hast thou that thou didst not receive? now if thou didst receive it, why dost thou glory, as if thou hadst not received it?" 309, "It was therefore necessary that the patterns of things in the heavens should be purified with these; but the heavenly things themselves with better sacrifices than these." 324, "For had ye believed Moses, ye would have believed me: for he wrote of me." 313, "The woman answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus said unto her, Thou hast well said, I have no husband:" 291, "And after three months we departed in a ship of Alexandria, which had wintered in the isle, whose sign was Castor and Pollux." 254, "For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly." 299, "Finally, brethren, pray for us, that the word of the Lord may have free course, and be glorified, even as it is with you:" 372, "And the next sabbath day came almost the whole city together to hear the word of God." 278, "Envyings, murders, drunkenness, revellings, and such like: of the which I tell you before, as I have also told you in time past, that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God." 391, "I thank God through Jesus Christ our Lord. So then with the mind I myself serve the law of God; but with the flesh the law of sin." 333, "For there is no man that doeth any thing in secret, and he himself seeketh to be known openly. If thou do these things, shew thyself to the world." 254, "And they were more than forty which had made this conspiracy." 193, "Which is come unto you, as it is in all the world; and bringeth forth fruit, as it doth also in you, since the day ye heard of it, and knew the grace of God in truth:" 269, "Rejoiceth not in iniquity, but rejoiceth in the truth;" 720, "He staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief; but was strong in faith, giving glory to God;" 318, "That ye would walk worthy of God, who hath called you unto his kingdom and glory." 325, "And they of the circumcision which believed were astonished, as many as came with Peter, because that on the Gentiles also was poured out the gift of the Holy Ghost." 360, "If after the manner of men I have fought with beasts at Ephesus, what advantageth it me, if the dead rise not? let us eat and drink; for to morrow we die." 222, "Jesus therefore again groaning in himself cometh to the grave. It was a cave, and a stone lay upon it." 265, "And I, brethren, could not speak unto you as unto spiritual, but as unto carnal, even as unto babes in Christ." 306, "Pilate saith unto him, What is truth? And when he had said this, he went out again unto the Jews, and saith unto them, I find in him no fault at all." 298, "I receive not honour from men." 468, "Him would Paul have to go forth with him; and took and circumcised him because of the Jews which were in those quarters: for they knew all that his father was a Greek." 257, "I wrote unto you in an epistle not to company with fornicators:" 351, "Who have for my life laid down their own necks: unto whom not only I give thanks, but also all the churches of the Gentiles." 257, "For he testifieth, Thou art a priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec." 289, "Be of the same mind one toward another. Mind not high things, but condescend to men of low estate. Be not wise in your own conceits." 274, "For we ourselves also were sometimes foolish, disobedient, deceived, serving divers lusts and pleasures, living in malice and envy, hateful, and hating one another." 331, "This spake he, signifying by what death he should glorify God. And when he had spoken this, he saith unto him, Follow me." 280, "For, brethren, ye have been called unto liberty; only use not liberty for an occasion to the flesh, but by love serve one another." 346, "And we sailed thence, and came the next day over against Chios; and the next day we arrived at Samos, and tarried at Trogyllium; and the next day we came to Miletus." 181, "And his disciples asked him, saying, Master, who did sin, this man, or his parents, that he was born blind?" 342, "Of righteousness, because I go to my Father, and ye see me no more;" 273, "Therefore his sisters sent unto him, saying, Lord, behold, he whom thou lovest is sick." 298, "Because that which may be known of God is manifest in them; for God hath shewed it unto them." 374, "Then when Mary was come where Jesus was, and saw him, she fell down at his feet, saying unto him, Lord, if thou hadst been here, my brother had not died." 264, "For your fellowship in the gospel from the first day until now;" 267, "And ye now therefore have sorrow: but I will see you again, and your heart shall rejoice, and your joy no man taketh from you." 312, "And that he might reconcile both unto God in one body by the cross, having slain the enmity thereby:" 338, "Who shall tell thee words, whereby thou and all thy house shall be saved." 331, "Jesus answered them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whosoever committeth sin is the servant of sin." 329, "For other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ." 395, "For what thanks can we render to God again for you, for all the joy wherewith we joy for your sakes before our God;" 279, "For I know that this shall turn to my salvation through your prayer, and the supply of the Spirit of Jesus Christ," 248, "And shall not uncircumcision which is by nature, if it fulfil the law, judge thee, who by the letter and circumcision dost transgress the law?" 268, "I have given them thy word; and the world hath hated them, because they are not of the world, even as I am not of the world." 314, "Now there were in the church that was at Antioch certain prophets and teachers; as Barnabas, and Simeon that was called Niger, and Lucius of Cyrene, and Manaen, which had been brought up with Herod the tetrarch, and Saul." 260, "Then came one and told them, saying, Behold, the men whom ye put in prison are standing in the temple, and teaching the people." 228, "One God and Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in you all." 401, "Always bearing about in the body the dying of the Lord Jesus, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our body." 332, "When John had first preached before his coming the baptism of repentance to all the people of Israel." 240, "And changed the glory of the uncorruptible God into an image made like to corruptible man, and to birds, and fourfooted beasts, and creeping things." 352, "And when the governor had read the letter, he asked of what province he was. And when he understood that he was of Cilicia;" 189, "Whereunto I also labour, striving according to his working, which worketh in me mightily." 423, "And the napkin, that was about his head, not lying with the linen clothes, but wrapped together in a place by itself." 288, "But ye are not in the flesh, but in the Spirit, if so be that the Spirit of God dwell in you. Now if any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of his." 307, "Now we know that God heareth not sinners: but if any man be a worshipper of God, and doeth his will, him he heareth." 292, "Which he wrought in Christ, when he raised him from the dead, and set him at his own right hand in the heavenly places," 354, "And again, Praise the Lord, all ye Gentiles; and laud him, all ye people." 202, "But if a woman have long hair, it is a glory to her: for her hair is given her for a covering." 322, "And sold their possessions and goods, and parted them to all men, as every man had need." 388, "At midday, O king, I saw in the way a light from heaven, above the brightness of the sun, shining round about me and them which journeyed with me." 299, "For ye suffer, if a man bring you into bondage, if a man devour you, if a man take of you, if a man exalt himself, if a man smite you on the face." 239, "And when they had brought them, they set them before the council: and the high priest asked them," 256, "Beware of dogs, beware of evil workers, beware of the concision." 328, "Only they would that we should remember the poor; the same which I also was forward to do." 297, "When I therefore was thus minded, did I use lightness? or the things that I purpose, do I purpose according to the flesh, that with me there should be yea yea, and nay nay?" 227, "Seeing therefore it remaineth that some must enter therein, and they to whom it was first preached entered not in because of unbelief:" 338, "Be it known unto you therefore, men and brethren, that through this man is preached unto you the forgiveness of sins:" 297, "Now concerning virgins I have no commandment of the Lord: yet I give my judgment, as one that hath obtained mercy of the Lord to be faithful." 263, "And we desire that every one of you do shew the same diligence to the full assurance of hope unto the end:" 295, "And I was with you in weakness, and in fear, and in much trembling." 162, "Knowing therefore the terror of the Lord, we persuade men; but we are made manifest unto God; and I trust also are made manifest in your consciences." 322, "But he that entereth in by the door is the shepherd of the sheep." 286, "Now we exhort you, brethren, warn them that are unruly, comfort the feebleminded, support the weak, be patient toward all men." 318, "And some believed the things which were spoken, and some believed not." 234, "Wherefore, brethren, look ye out among you seven men of honest report, full of the Holy Ghost and wisdom, whom we may appoint over this business." 399, "And such trust have we through Christ to God-ward:" 359, "He hath blinded their eyes, and hardened their heart; that they should not see with their eyes, nor understand with their heart, and be converted, and I should heal them." 285, "And this I say, that the covenant, that was confirmed before of God in Christ, the law, which was four hundred and thirty years after, cannot disannul, that it should make the promise of none effect." 325, "As it is written, Jacob have I loved, but Esau have I hated." 327, "And the things that thou hast heard of me among many witnesses, the same commit thou to faithful men, who shall be able to teach others also." 391, "And we have confidence in the Lord touching you, that ye both do and will do the things which we command you." 276, "With all lowliness and meekness, with longsuffering, forbearing one another in love;" 545, "There remaineth therefore a rest to the people of God." 581, "This persuasion cometh not of him that calleth you." 486, "Men and brethren, this scripture must needs have been fulfilled, which the Holy Ghost by the mouth of David spake before concerning Judas, which was guide to them that took Jesus." 280, "There hath no temptation taken you but such as is common to man: but God is faithful, who will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able; but will with the temptation also make a way to escape, that ye may be able to bear it." 326, "Yea, ye took up the tabernacle of Moloch, and the star of your god Remphan, figures which ye made to worship them: and I will carry you away beyond Babylon." 288, "And Moses was learned in all the wisdom of the Egyptians, and was mighty in words and in deeds." 288, "So when the Samaritans were come unto him, they besought him that he would tarry with them: and he abode there two days." 254, "Know ye not that they which run in a race run all, but one receiveth the prize? So run, that ye may obtain." 387, "After this, Jesus knowing that all things were now accomplished, that the scripture might be fulfilled, saith, I thirst." 309, "Let all bitterness, and wrath, and anger, and clamour, and evil speaking, be put away from you, with all malice:" 361, "Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works." 302, "And they said, Cornelius the centurion, a just man, and one that feareth God, and of good report among all the nation of the Jews, was warned from God by an holy angel to send for thee into his house, and to hear words of thee." 229, "Those things, which ye have both learned, and received, and heard, and seen in me, do: and the God of peace shall be with you." 364, "Lest any should say that I had baptized in mine own name." 329, "And the saying pleased the whole multitude: and they chose Stephen, a man full of faith and of the Holy Ghost, and Philip, and Prochorus, and Nicanor, and Timon, and Parmenas, and Nicolas a proselyte of Antioch:" 325, "But a certain man named Ananias, with Sapphira his wife, sold a possession," 303, "But brother goeth to law with brother, and that before the unbelievers." 316, "I have coveted no man's silver, or gold, or apparel." 186, "For the multitude of the people followed after, crying, Away with him." 233, "But (which becometh women professing godliness) with good works." 653, "The wife hath not power of her own body, but the husband: and likewise also the husband hath not power of his own body, but the wife." 323, "Have we not power to eat and to drink?" 192, "Thou therefore, my son, be strong in the grace that is in Christ Jesus." 332, "And say to Archippus, Take heed to the ministry which thou hast received in the Lord, that thou fulfil it." 283, "For as the Father raiseth up the dead, and quickeneth them; even so the Son quickeneth whom he will." 277, "So that my bonds in Christ are manifest in all the palace, and in all other places;" 273, "If then I do that which I would not, I consent unto the law that it is good." 321, "Then had the churches rest throughout all Judaea and Galilee and Samaria, and were edified; and walking in the fear of the Lord, and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, were multiplied." 265, "Having confidence in thy obedience I wrote unto thee, knowing that thou wilt also do more than I say." 244, "Paul and Timotheus, the servants of Jesus Christ, to all the saints in Christ Jesus which are at Philippi, with the bishops and deacons:" 235, "Simon Peter said unto him, Lord, whither goest thou? Jesus answered him, Whither I go, thou canst not follow me now; but thou shalt follow me afterwards." 244, "Now the works of the flesh are manifest, which are these; Adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness," 325, "For ye are yet carnal: for whereas there is among you envying, and strife, and divisions, are ye not carnal, and walk as men?" 350, "And being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself, and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross." 449, "Are all apostles? are all prophets? are all teachers? are all workers of miracles?" 352, "For of this sort are they which creep into houses, and lead captive silly women laden with sins, led away with divers lusts," 372, "And when they had preached the gospel to that city, and had taught many, they returned again to Lystra, and to Iconium, and Antioch," 282, "When therefore the Lord knew how the Pharisees had heard that Jesus made and baptized more disciples than John," 266, "That I have great heaviness and continual sorrow in my heart." 296, "This Jesus hath God raised up, whereof we all are witnesses." 314, "And there was a certain disciple at Damascus, named Ananias; and to him said the Lord in a vision, Ananias. And he said, Behold, I am here, Lord." 239, "Whereupon as I went to Damascus with authority and commission from the chief priests," 271, "But, lo, he speaketh boldly, and they say nothing unto him. Do the rulers know indeed that this is the very Christ?" 219, "If we suffer, we shall also reign with him: if we deny him, he also will deny us:" 336, "When your fathers tempted me, proved me, and saw my works forty years." 319, "So that ye were ensamples to all that believe in Macedonia and Achaia." 313, "Then Simon Peter answered him, Lord, to whom shall we go? thou hast the words of eternal life." 325, "And every man that striveth for the mastery is temperate in all things. Now they do it to obtain a corruptible crown; but we an incorruptible." 302, "And when Paul would have entered in unto the people, the disciples suffered him not." 230, "Be not ye therefore partakers with them." 490, "Children, obey your parents in all things: for this is well pleasing unto the Lord." 291, "And he must needs go through Samaria." 429, "And some cried one thing, some another, among the multitude: and when he could not know the certainty for the tumult, he commanded him to be carried into the castle." 226, "But Jerusalem which is above is free, which is the mother of us all." 328, "And when the Gentiles heard this, they were glad, and glorified the word of the Lord: and as many as were ordained to eternal life believed." 270, "For I have given you an example, that ye should do as I have done to you." 380, "That we should be to the praise of his glory, who first trusted in Christ." 231, "Ever learning, and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth." 386, "He must increase, but I must decrease." 66200, "And we being exceedingly tossed with a tempest, the next day they lightened the ship;" 220, "Rejoice in the Lord alway: and again I say, Rejoice." 533, "We give thanks to God and the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, praying always for you," 215, "I am the good shepherd, and know my sheep, and am known of mine." 344, "Then there arose a question between some of John's disciples and the Jews about purifying." 233, "Wherefore he saith also in another psalm, Thou shalt not suffer thine Holy One to see corruption." 295, "Who have received the law by the disposition of angels, and have not kept it." 306, "And now, brethren, I wot that through ignorance ye did it, as did also your rulers." 300, "And when he was disposed to pass into Achaia, the brethren wrote, exhorting the disciples to receive him: who, when he was come, helped them much which had believed through grace:" 293, "But after long abstinence Paul stood forth in the midst of them, and said, Sirs, ye should have hearkened unto me, and not have loosed from Crete, and to have gained this harm and loss." 239, "But the chief priests consulted that they might put Lazarus also to death;" 197, "For he was yet in the loins of his father, when Melchisedec met him." 301, "Being confident of this very thing, that he which hath begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ:" 402, "And whether one member suffer, all the members suffer with it; or one member be honoured, all the members rejoice with it." 323, "Nevertheless he that standeth stedfast in his heart, having no necessity, but hath power over his own will, and hath so decreed in his heart that he will keep his virgin, doeth well." 244, "Men and brethren, children of the stock of Abraham, and whosoever among you feareth God, to you is the word of this salvation sent." 233, "So Jesus came again into Cana of Galilee, where he made the water wine. And there was a certain nobleman, whose son was sick at Capernaum." 233, "Jesus saith unto her, Said I not unto thee, that, if thou wouldest believe, thou shouldest see the glory of God?" 282, "Therefore seeing we have this ministry, as we have received mercy, we faint not;" 308, "For if they which are of the law be heirs, faith is made void, and the promise made of none effect:" 261, "Wherefore we labour, that, whether present or absent, we may be accepted of him." 356, "For sin shall not have dominion over you: for ye are not under the law, but under grace." 357, "There is no fear of God before their eyes." 295, "If ye were of the world, the world would love his own: but because ye are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you." 388, "Now she that is a widow indeed, and desolate, trusteth in God, and continueth in supplications and prayers night and day." 240, "For I will be merciful to their unrighteousness, and their sins and their iniquities will I remember no more." 382, "For if ye live after the flesh, ye shall die: but if ye through the Spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, ye shall live." 331, "But when Paul had appealed to be reserved unto the hearing of Augustus, I commanded him to be kept till I might send him to Caesar." 210, "And this continued by the space of two years; so that all they which dwelt in Asia heard the word of the Lord Jesus, both Jews and Greeks." 265, "Neither murmur ye, as some of them also murmured, and were destroyed of the destroyer." 353, "But Peter and John answered and said unto them, Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye." 271, "But now hath God set the members every one of them in the body, as it hath pleased him." 370, "And labour, working with our own hands: being reviled, we bless; being persecuted, we suffer it:" 288, "No man that warreth entangleth himself with the affairs of this life; that he may please him who hath chosen him to be a soldier." 336, "To speak evil of no man, to be no brawlers, but gentle, shewing all meekness unto all men." 359, "The cup of blessing which we bless, is it not the communion of the blood of Christ? The bread which we break, is it not the communion of the body of Christ?" 332, "Then they took away the stone from the place where the dead was laid. And Jesus lifted up his eyes, and said, Father, I thank thee that thou hast heard me." 315, "For as the Father hath life in himself; so hath he given to the Son to have life in himself;" 334, "In that he saith, A new covenant, he hath made the first old. Now that which decayeth and waxeth old is ready to vanish away." 389, "The people therefore, that stood by, and heard it, said that it thundered: others said, An angel spake to him." 274, "As the truth of Christ is in me, no man shall stop me of this boasting in the regions of Achaia." 220, "For they loved the praise of men more than the praise of God." 256, "For neither at any time used we flattering words, as ye know, nor a cloke of covetousness; God is witness:" 257, "And they say unto her, Woman, why weepest thou? She saith unto them, Because they have taken away my Lord, and I know not where they have laid him." 275, "Now ye are full, now ye are rich, ye have reigned as kings without us: and I would to God ye did reign, that we also might reign with you." 251, "Now before the feast of the passover, when Jesus knew that his hour was come that he should depart out of this world unto the Father, having loved his own which were in the world, he loved them unto the end." 265, "And about the time of forty years suffered he their manners in the wilderness." 223, "And after this Joseph of Arimathaea, being a disciple of Jesus, but secretly for fear of the Jews, besought Pilate that he might take away the body of Jesus: and Pilate gave him leave. He came therefore, and took the body of Jesus." 241, "Wherefore? because I love you not? God knoweth." 327, "Masters, give unto your servants that which is just and equal; knowing that ye also have a Master in heaven." 340, "Now of the things which we have spoken this is the sum: We have such an high priest, who is set on the right hand of the throne of the Majesty in the heavens;" 359, "For it is written, I will destroy the wisdom of the wise, and will bring to nothing the understanding of the prudent." 256, "Let him that stole steal no more: but rather let him labour, working with his hands the thing which is good, that he may have to give to him that needeth." 347, "Salute every saint in Christ Jesus. The brethren which are with me greet you." 265, "Claudius Lysias unto the most excellent governor Felix sendeth greeting." 311, "But it is good to be zealously affected always in a good thing, and not only when I am present with you." 233, "Wherefore, my brethren, when ye come together to eat, tarry one for another." 310, "And they asked them, saying, Is this your son, who ye say was born blind? how then doth he now see?" 203, "Which when the brethren knew, they brought him down to Caesarea, and sent him forth to Tarsus." 225, "And said, Cornelius, thy prayer is heard, and thine alms are had in remembrance in the sight of God." 223, "And a certain man was there, which had an infirmity thirty and eight years." 252, "When Jesus had spoken these words, he went forth with his disciples over the brook Cedron, where was a garden, into the which he entered, and his disciples." 241, "Your fathers did eat manna in the wilderness, and are dead." 274, "Fear not, daughter of Sion: behold, thy King cometh, sitting on an ass's colt." 261, "And came and preached peace to you which were afar off, and to them that were nigh." 326, "For ye, brethren, became followers of the churches of God which in Judaea are in Christ Jesus: for ye also have suffered like things of your own countrymen, even as they have of the Jews:" 310, "The God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, which is blessed for evermore, knoweth that I lie not." 282, "Wherefore, my brethren, ye also are become dead to the law by the body of Christ; that ye should be married to another, even to him who is raised from the dead, that we should bring forth fruit unto God." 330, "In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, when ye are gathered together, and my spirit, with the power of our Lord Jesus Christ," 297, "But without thy mind would I do nothing; that thy benefit should not be as it were of necessity, but willingly." 270, "In weariness and painfulness, in watchings often, in hunger and thirst, in fastings often, in cold and nakedness." 351, "That the saying of Jesus might be fulfilled, which he spake, signifying what death he should die." 225, "For though there be that are called gods, whether in heaven or in earth, (as there be gods many, and lords many,)" 342, "And when we had accomplished those days, we departed and went our way; and they all brought us on our way, with wives and children, till we were out of the city: and we kneeled down on the shore, and prayed." 215, "If I had not come and spoken unto them, they had not had sin: but now they have no cloke for their sin." 297, "For God is not the author of confusion, but of peace, as in all churches of the saints." 281, "That in the dispensation of the fulness of times he might gather together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven, and which are on earth; even in him:" 341, "But I have used none of these things: neither have I written these things, that it should be so done unto me: for it were better for me to die, than that any man should make my glorying void." 241, "And when he had landed at Caesarea, and gone up, and saluted the church, he went down to Antioch." 187, "And that from a child thou hast known the holy scriptures, which are able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus." 406, "But bade them farewell, saying, I must by all means keep this feast that cometh in Jerusalem: but I will return again unto you, if God will. And he sailed from Ephesus." 253, "In all things shewing thyself a pattern of good works: in doctrine shewing uncorruptness, gravity, sincerity," 3090, "Jesus saith unto her, Woman, why weepest thou? whom seekest thou? She, supposing him to be the gardener, saith unto him, Sir, if thou have borne him hence, tell me where thou hast laid him, and I will take him away." 275, "Now to him that worketh is the reward not reckoned of grace, but of debt." 363, "Therefore being by the right hand of God exalted, and having received of the Father the promise of the Holy Ghost, he hath shed forth this, which ye now see and hear." 300, "And it came to pass, as we went to prayer, a certain damsel possessed with a spirit of divination met us, which brought her masters much gain by soothsaying:" 338, "Then said Paul, I stand at Caesar's judgment seat, where I ought to be judged: to the Jews have I done no wrong, as thou very well knowest." 232, "I pray not that thou shouldest take them out of the world, but that thou shouldest keep them from the evil." 356, "As it is written, For thy sake we are killed all the day long; we are accounted as sheep for the slaughter." 348, "For I am in a strait betwixt two, having a desire to depart, and to be with Christ; which is far better:" 308, "For the grace of God that bringeth salvation hath appeared to all men," 376, "Therefore many of them believed; also of honourable women which were Greeks, and of men, not a few." 143, "And hath made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the earth, and hath determined the times before appointed, and the bounds of their habitation;" 303, "Then took they up stones to cast at him: but Jesus hid himself, and went out of the temple, going through the midst of them, and so passed by." 246, "Then Martha, as soon as she heard that Jesus was coming, went and met him: but Mary sat still in the house." 258, "Epaphras, who is one of you, a servant of Christ, saluteth you, always labouring fervently for you in prayers, that ye may stand perfect and complete in all the will of God." 286, "Then tidings of these things came unto the ears of the church which was in Jerusalem: and they sent forth Barnabas, that he should go as far as Antioch." 265, "And he commanded us to preach unto the people, and to testify that it is he which was ordained of God to be the Judge of quick and dead." 307, "For in him we live, and move, and have our being; as certain also of your own poets have said, For we are also his offspring." 356, "Now concerning the collection for the saints, as I have given order to the churches of Galatia, even so do ye." 376, "For my flesh is meat indeed, and my blood is drink indeed." 349, "Our fathers worshipped in this mountain; and ye say, that in Jerusalem is the place where men ought to worship." 276, "For he supposed his brethren would have understood how that God by his hand would deliver them: but they understood not." 271, "Say ye of him, whom the Father hath sanctified, and sent into the world, Thou blasphemest; because I said, I am the Son of God?" 305, "And therefore did the Jews persecute Jesus, and sought to slay him, because he had done these things on the sabbath day." 268, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that receiveth whomsoever I send receiveth me; and he that receiveth me receiveth him that sent me." 263, "There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit." 364, "Many of the people therefore, when they heard this saying, said, Of a truth this is the Prophet." 260, "In whom ye also trusted, after that ye heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation: in whom also after that ye believed, ye were sealed with that holy Spirit of promise," 219, "For he that wrought effectually in Peter to the apostleship of the circumcision, the same was mighty in me toward the Gentiles:)" 325, "Not that any man hath seen the Father, save he which is of God, he hath seen the Father." 228, "Desiring to be teachers of the law; understanding neither what they say, nor whereof they affirm." 368, "For Adam was first formed, then Eve." 681, "And for me, that utterance may be given unto me, that I may open my mouth boldly, to make known the mystery of the gospel," 313, "But I would have you know, that the head of every man is Christ; and the head of the woman is the man; and the head of Christ is God." 276, "He seeing this before spake of the resurrection of Christ, that his soul was not left in hell, neither his flesh did see corruption." 285, "According as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love:" 386, "Well; because of unbelief they were broken off, and thou standest by faith. Be not highminded, but fear:" 335, "For this is my covenant unto them, when I shall take away their sins." 371, "Let your women keep silence in the churches: for it is not permitted unto them to speak; but they are commanded to be under obedience, as also saith the law." 325, "Even as David also describeth the blessedness of the man, unto whom God imputeth righteousness without works," 306, "Wherefore I also, after I heard of your faith in the Lord Jesus, and love unto all the saints," 274, "The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen. " 298, "He that loveth his life shall lose it; and he that hateth his life in this world shall keep it unto life eternal." 300, "For we which live are alway delivered unto death for Jesus' sake, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our mortal flesh." 321, "For I through the law am dead to the law, that I might live unto God." 336, "And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God:" 333, "Be not deceived; God is not mocked: for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap." 444, "And so were the churches established in the faith, and increased in number daily." 307, "And found a certain Jew named Aquila, born in Pontus, lately come from Italy, with his wife Priscilla; (because that Claudius had commanded all Jews to depart from Rome:) and came unto them." 250, "And I answered, Who art thou, Lord? And he said unto me, I am Jesus of Nazareth, whom thou persecutest." 159, "And he that sent me is with me: the Father hath not left me alone; for I do always those things that please him." 280, "And for this cause he is the mediator of the new testament, that by means of death, for the redemption of the transgressions that were under the first testament, they which are called might receive the promise of eternal inheritance." 319, "And the barbarous people shewed us no little kindness: for they kindled a fire, and received us every one, because of the present rain, and because of the cold." 276, "In whom also ye are circumcised with the circumcision made without hands, in putting off the body of the sins of the flesh by the circumcision of Christ:" 353, "My manner of life from my youth, which was at the first among mine own nation at Jerusalem, know all the Jews;" 282, "So being affectionately desirous of you, we were willing to have imparted unto you, not the gospel of God only, but also our own souls, because ye were dear unto us." 329, "And it shall come to pass, that whosoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be saved." 201, "And beholding the man which was healed standing with them, they could say nothing against it." 258, "The man answered and said unto them, Why herein is a marvellous thing, that ye know not from whence he is, and yet he hath opened mine eyes." 236, "For God hath concluded them all in unbelief, that he might have mercy upon all." 305, "Whether Paul, or Apollos, or Cephas, or the world, or life, or death, or things present, or things to come; all are yours;" 295, "Howbeit for this cause I obtained mercy, that in me first Jesus Christ might shew forth all longsuffering, for a pattern to them which should hereafter believe on him to life everlasting." 305, "And on the sabbath we went out of the city by a river side, where prayer was wont to be made; and we sat down, and spake unto the women which resorted thither." 293, "And even things without life giving sound, whether pipe or harp, except they give a distinction in the sounds, how shall it be known what is piped or harped?" 277, "And he drave them from the judgment seat." 364, "Ye know that ye were Gentiles, carried away unto these dumb idols, even as ye were led." 316, "In the mean while his disciples prayed him, saying, Master, eat." 245, "Jesus saith unto her, Mary. She turned herself, and saith unto him, Rabboni; which is to say, Master." 324, "For we must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ; that every one may receive the things done in his body, according to that he hath done, whether it be good or bad." 350, "And he is the head of the body, the church: who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead; that in all things he might have the preeminence." 327, "Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended: but this one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching forth unto those things which are before," 377, "Seeing it is a righteous thing with God to recompense tribulation to them that trouble you;" 347, "Hitherto have ye asked nothing in my name: ask, and ye shall receive, that your joy may be full." 281, "Bring Zenas the lawyer and Apollos on their journey diligently, that nothing be wanting unto them." 274, "And he commanded the chariot to stand still: and they went down both into the water, both Philip and the eunuch; and he baptized him." 355, "And when he putteth forth his own sheep, he goeth before them, and the sheep follow him: for they know his voice." 367, "In whom the god of this world hath blinded the minds of them which believe not, lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ, who is the image of God, should shine unto them." 367, "For I bear them record that they have a zeal of God, but not according to knowledge." 350, "And by him all that believe are justified from all things, from which ye could not be justified by the law of Moses." 355, "A woman when she is in travail hath sorrow, because her hour is come: but as soon as she is delivered of the child, she remembereth no more the anguish, for joy that a man is born into the world." 276, "Having therefore these promises, dearly beloved, let us cleanse ourselves from all filthiness of the flesh and spirit, perfecting holiness in the fear of God." 361, "To whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen." 237, "And Philip ran thither to him, and heard him read the prophet Esaias, and said, Understandest thou what thou readest?" 304, "Therefore thou art inexcusable, O man, whosoever thou art that judgest: for wherein thou judgest another, thou condemnest thyself; for thou that judgest doest the same things." 294, "While Peter thought on the vision, the Spirit said unto him, Behold, three men seek thee." 309, "But Elymas the sorcerer (for so is his name by interpretation) withstood them, seeking to turn away the deputy from the faith." 267, "I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus." 444, "For though I be absent in the flesh, yet am I with you in the spirit, joying and beholding your order, and the stedfastness of your faith in Christ." 258, "And now ye know what withholdeth that he might be revealed in his time." 365, "And after eight days again his disciples were within, and Thomas with them: then came Jesus, the doors being shut, and stood in the midst, and said, Peace be unto you." 294, "Withal praying also for us, that God would open unto us a door of utterance, to speak the mystery of Christ, for which I am also in bonds:" 351, "Ye are witnesses, and God also, how holily and justly and unblameably we behaved ourselves among you that believe:" 2540, "Abstain from all appearance of evil." 653, "And I said, Lord, they know that I imprisoned and beat in every synagogue them that believed on thee:" 223, "I therefore so run, not as uncertainly; so fight I, not as one that beateth the air:" 398, "And God spake on this wise, That his seed should sojourn in a strange land; and that they should bring them into bondage, and entreat them evil four hundred years." 218, "If any of them that believe not bid you to a feast, and ye be disposed to go; whatsoever is set before you, eat, asking no question for conscience sake." 253, "Likewise must the deacons be grave, not doubletongued, not given to much wine, not greedy of filthy lucre;" 3380, "Wherefore I beseech you, be ye followers of me." 331, "And said unto the woman, Now we believe, not because of thy saying: for we have heard him ourselves, and know that this is indeed the Christ, the Saviour of the world." 274, "And he became very hungry, and would have eaten: but while they made ready, he fell into a trance," 269, "And as a vesture shalt thou fold them up, and they shall be changed: but thou art the same, and thy years shall not fail." 344, "He lodgeth with one Simon a tanner, whose house is by the sea side: he shall tell thee what thou oughtest to do." 260, "In whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace;" 210, "Peter seeing him saith to Jesus, Lord, and what shall this man do?" 290, "Paul said to the centurion and to the soldiers, Except these abide in the ship, ye cannot be saved." 281, "When Jesus knew in himself that his disciples murmured at it, he said unto them, Doth this offend you?" 310, "If thou put the brethren in remembrance of these things, thou shalt be a good minister of Jesus Christ, nourished up in the words of faith and of good doctrine, whereunto thou hast attained." 352, "Peter saith unto him, Thou shalt never wash my feet. Jesus answered him, If I wash thee not, thou hast no part with me." 271, "These things said he in the synagogue, as he taught in Capernaum." 238, "Well reported of for good works; if she have brought up children, if she have lodged strangers, if she have washed the saints' feet, if she have relieved the afflicted, if she have diligently followed every good work." 13300, "I am the vine, ye are the branches: He that abideth in me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit: for without me ye can do nothing." 399, "Do ye look on things after the outward appearance? If any man trust to himself that he is Christ's, let him of himself think this again, that, as he is Christ's, even so are we Christ's." 268, "But I have greater witness than that of John: for the works which the Father hath given me to finish, the same works that I do, bear witness of me, that the Father hath sent me." 255, "For we know in part, and we prophesy in part." 535, "And, behold, the angel of the Lord came upon him, and a light shined in the prison: and he smote Peter on the side, and raised him up, saying, Arise up quickly. And his chains fell off from his hands." 318, "And Jesus went up into a mountain, and there he sat with his disciples." 218, "That they all may be one; as thou, Father, art in me, and I in thee, that they also may be one in us: that the world may believe that thou hast sent me." 387, "And if ye be Christ's, then are ye Abraham's seed, and heirs according to the promise." 361, "Neither give heed to fables and endless genealogies, which minister questions, rather than godly edifying which is in faith: so do." 322, "Howbeit, as the disciples stood round about him, he rose up, and came into the city: and the next day he departed with Barnabas to Derbe." 258, "For all the Athenians and strangers which were there spent their time in nothing else, but either to tell, or to hear some new thing.)" 330, "So when they had further threatened them, they let them go, finding nothing how they might punish them, because of the people: for all men glorified God for that which was done." 244, "Jesus answered and said unto him, If a man love me, he will keep my words: and my Father will love him, and we will come unto him, and make our abode with him." 308, "Prove all things; hold fast that which is good." 435, "For before that certain came from James, he did eat with the Gentiles: but when they were come, he withdrew and separated himself, fearing them which were of the circumcision." 313, "But when they knew that he was a Jew, all with one voice about the space of two hours cried out, Great is Diana of the Ephesians." 219, "Jesus saith unto her, Thy brother shall rise again." 280, "But Thomas, one of the twelve, called Didymus, was not with them when Jesus came." 289, "Yet in the church I had rather speak five words with my understanding, that by my voice I might teach others also, than ten thousand words in an unknown tongue." 312, "Who is weak, and I am not weak? who is offended, and I burn not?" 294, "And he came to Ephesus, and left them there: but he himself entered into the synagogue, and reasoned with the Jews." 221, "And when there arose a great dissension, the chief captain, fearing lest Paul should have been pulled in pieces of them, commanded the soldiers to go down, and to take him by force from among them, and to bring him into the castle." 228, "And Saul, yet breathing out threatenings and slaughter against the disciples of the Lord, went unto the high priest," 280, "Which stood only in meats and drinks, and divers washings, and carnal ordinances, imposed on them until the time of reformation." 291, "And if they were all one member, where were the body?" 315, "But as it is written, Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man, the things which God hath prepared for them that love him." 345, "For this man was counted worthy of more glory than Moses, inasmuch as he who hath builded the house hath more honour than the house." 303, "The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. Amen." 278, "In these lay a great multitude of impotent folk, of blind, halt, withered, waiting for the moving of the water." 274, "Neither is there any creature that is not manifest in his sight: but all things are naked and opened unto the eyes of him with whom we have to do." 359, "For where a testament is, there must also of necessity be the death of the testator." 318, "There are also celestial bodies, and bodies terrestrial: but the glory of the celestial is one, and the glory of the terrestrial is another." 330, "Pilate therefore went forth again, and saith unto them, Behold, I bring him forth to you, that ye may know that I find no fault in him." 240, "Simeon hath declared how God at the first did visit the Gentiles, to take out of them a people for his name." 335, "Which he shed on us abundantly through Jesus Christ our Saviour;" 321, "Thou hast made known to me the ways of life; thou shalt make me full of joy with thy countenance." 283, "And the peace of God, which passeth all understanding, shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus." 412, "And thus are the secrets of his heart made manifest; and so falling down on his face he will worship God, and report that God is in you of a truth." 266, "And of the rest durst no man join himself to them: but the people magnified them." 270, "For this ye know, that no whoremonger, nor unclean person, nor covetous man, who is an idolater, hath any inheritance in the kingdom of Christ and of God." 405, "Wherefore let him that thinketh he standeth take heed lest he fall." 535, "Not as though the word of God hath taken none effect. For they are not all Israel, which are of Israel:" 324, "And when he had tarried among them more than ten days, he went down unto Caesarea; and the next day sitting on the judgment seat commanded Paul to be brought." 207, "And be not drunk with wine, wherein is excess; but be filled with the Spirit;" 305, "If ye shall ask any thing in my name, I will do it." 337, "And falling into a place where two seas met, they ran the ship aground; and the forepart stuck fast, and remained unmoveable, but the hinder part was broken with the violence of the waves." 221, "I have glorified thee on the earth: I have finished the work which thou gavest me to do." 319, "And he said, Who art thou, Lord? And the Lord said, I am Jesus whom thou persecutest: it is hard for thee to kick against the pricks." 316, "Not given to wine, no striker, not greedy of filthy lucre; but patient, not a brawler, not covetous;" 332, "And have put on the new man, which is renewed in knowledge after the image of him that created him:" 306, "But made himself of no reputation, and took upon him the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of men:" 405, "And I knew such a man, (whether in the body, or out of the body, I cannot tell: God knoweth;)" 335, "Whoso eateth my flesh, and drinketh my blood, hath eternal life; and I will raise him up at the last day." 368, "But neither Titus, who was with me, being a Greek, was compelled to be circumcised:" 287, "As it is written, There is none righteous, no, not one:" 333, "And when he had thus spoken, he kneeled down, and prayed with them all." 251, "And when he came upon the stairs, so it was, that he was borne of the soldiers for the violence of the people." 200, "It is sown in dishonour; it is raised in glory: it is sown in weakness; it is raised in power:" 342, "For we that are in this tabernacle do groan, being burdened: not for that we would be unclothed, but clothed upon, that mortality might be swallowed up of life." 315, "Then said the Jews unto him, Now we know that thou hast a devil. Abraham is dead, and the prophets; and thou sayest, If a man keep my saying, he shall never taste of death." 218, "To him give all the prophets witness, that through his name whosoever believeth in him shall receive remission of sins." 282, "For even when we were with you, this we commanded you, that if any would not work, neither should he eat." 313, "For this, Thou shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt not kill, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness, Thou shalt not covet; and if there be any other commandment, it is briefly comprehended in this saying, namely, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself." 301, "To all that be in Rome, beloved of God, called to be saints: Grace to you and peace from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ." 193, "Far above all principality, and power, and might, and dominion, and every name that is named, not only in this world, but also in that which is to come:" 371, "For I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ: for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth; to the Jew first, and also to the Greek." 351, "To reveal his Son in me, that I might preach him among the heathen; immediately I conferred not with flesh and blood:" 325, "Who is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature:" 289, "For he of whom these things are spoken pertaineth to another tribe, of which no man gave attendance at the altar." 285, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, The servant is not greater than his lord; neither he that is sent greater than he that sent him." 340, "Who only hath immortality, dwelling in the light which no man can approach unto; whom no man hath seen, nor can see: to whom be honour and power everlasting. Amen." 301, "But he that is joined unto the Lord is one spirit." 334, "Charity never faileth: but whether there be prophecies, they shall fail; whether there be tongues, they shall cease; whether there be knowledge, it shall vanish away." 400, "Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself, according to the good pleasure of his will," 361, "And Moses verily was faithful in all his house, as a servant, for a testimony of those things which were to be spoken after;" 322, "And they shall turn away their ears from the truth, and shall be turned unto fables." 363, "Not because I desire a gift: but I desire fruit that may abound to your account." 316, "Though I might also have confidence in the flesh. If any other man thinketh that he hath whereof he might trust in the flesh, I more:" 317, "As for Saul, he made havock of the church, entering into every house, and haling men and women committed them to prison." 268, "He answered them, He that made me whole, the same said unto me, Take up thy bed, and walk." 230, "For every house is builded by some man; but he that built all things is God." 356, "But Festus, willing to do the Jews a pleasure, answered Paul, and said, Wilt thou go up to Jerusalem, and there be judged of these things before me?" 226, "Wherefore if ye be dead with Christ from the rudiments of the world, why, as though living in the world, are ye subject to ordinances," 321, "Now is my soul troubled; and what shall I say? Father, save me from this hour: but for this cause came I unto this hour." 258, "That he would grant you, according to the riches of his glory, to be strengthened with might by his Spirit in the inner man;" 358, "Where they crucified him, and two other with him, on either side one, and Jesus in the midst." 270, "For if Abraham were justified by works, he hath whereof to glory; but not before God." 347, "Then said Jesus to them again, Peace be unto you: as my Father hath sent me, even so send I you." 328, "That ye may walk honestly toward them that are without, and that ye may have lack of nothing." 258, "For one believeth that he may eat all things: another, who is weak, eateth herbs." 354, "For ye remember, brethren, our labour and travail: for labouring night and day, because we would not be chargeable unto any of you, we preached unto you the gospel of God." 276, "For it is a shame even to speak of those things which are done of them in secret." 293, "But is now made manifest by the appearing of our Saviour Jesus Christ, who hath abolished death, and hath brought life and immortality to light through the gospel:" 323, "Which things have indeed a shew of wisdom in will worship, and humility, and neglecting of the body; not in any honour to the satisfying of the flesh." 310, "But now, after that ye have known God, or rather are known of God, how turn ye again to the weak and beggarly elements, whereunto ye desire again to be in bondage?" 355, "So we see that they could not enter in because of unbelief." 342, "If any man or woman that believeth have widows, let them relieve them, and let not the church be charged; that it may relieve them that are widows indeed." 254, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father." 361, "And he said unto me, Depart: for I will send thee far hence unto the Gentiles." 239, "And Tychicus have I sent to Ephesus." 396, "The aged women likewise, that they be in behaviour as becometh holiness, not false accusers, not given to much wine, teachers of good things;" 347, "For I am now ready to be offered, and the time of my departure is at hand." 321, "Verily, verily, I say unto thee, We speak that we do know, and testify that we have seen; and ye receive not our witness." 320, "And when he had given him licence, Paul stood on the stairs, and beckoned with the hand unto the people. And when there was made a great silence, he spake unto them in the Hebrew tongue, saying," 223, "But he that is an hireling, and not the shepherd, whose own the sheep are not, seeth the wolf coming, and leaveth the sheep, and fleeth: and the wolf catcheth them, and scattereth the sheep." 322, "Know ye not, brethren, (for I speak to them that know the law,) how that the law hath dominion over a man as long as he liveth?" 304, "But Mary stood without at the sepulchre weeping: and as she wept, she stooped down, and looked into the sepulchre," 285, "And to make all men see what is the fellowship of the mystery, which from the beginning of the world hath been hid in God, who created all things by Jesus Christ:" 329, "Some indeed preach Christ even of envy and strife; and some also of good will:" 272, "For we preach not ourselves, but Christ Jesus the Lord; and ourselves your servants for Jesus' sake." 372, "And the Jews marvelled, saying, How knoweth this man letters, having never learned?" 282, "Then all the multitude kept silence, and gave audience to Barnabas and Paul, declaring what miracles and wonders God had wrought among the Gentiles by them." 287, "But fornication, and all uncleanness, or covetousness, let it not be once named among you, as becometh saints;" 286, "Philip cometh and telleth Andrew: and again Andrew and Philip tell Jesus." 307, "But now I have written unto you not to keep company, if any man that is called a brother be a fornicator, or covetous, or an idolater, or a railer, or a drunkard, or an extortioner; with such an one no not to eat." 350, "Persecutions, afflictions, which came unto me at Antioch, at Iconium, at Lystra; what persecutions I endured: but out of them all the Lord delivered me." 321, "And here he hath authority from the chief priests to bind all that call on thy name." 286, "And said, Where have ye laid him? They said unto him, Lord, come and see." 280, "And Judas also, which betrayed him, knew the place: for Jesus ofttimes resorted thither with his disciples." 247, "Nevertheless neither is the man without the woman, neither the woman without the man, in the Lord." 335, "And what he hath seen and heard, that he testifieth; and no man receiveth his testimony." 249, "But after two years Porcius Festus came into Felix' room: and Felix, willing to shew the Jews a pleasure, left Paul bound." 193, "The hireling fleeth, because he is an hireling, and careth not for the sheep." 493, "And Peter said unto him, Aeneas, Jesus Christ maketh thee whole: arise, and make thy bed. And he arose immediately." 259, "And as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of man be lifted up:" 373, "If ye have heard of the dispensation of the grace of God which is given me to you-ward:" 318, "Then said Jesus to those Jews which believed on him, If ye continue in my word, then are ye my disciples indeed;" 342, "But to which of the angels said he at any time, Sit on my right hand, until I make thine enemies thy footstool?" 333, "And whatsoever ye do in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God and the Father by him." 351, "Jesus answered him, I spake openly to the world; I ever taught in the synagogue, and in the temple, whither the Jews always resort; and in secret have I said nothing." 300, "He that believeth on me, as the scripture hath said, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water." 398, "And it came to pass, as Peter passed throughout all quarters, he came down also to the saints which dwelt at Lydda." 236, "And even as they did not like to retain God in their knowledge, God gave them over to a reprobate mind, to do those things which are not convenient;" 358, "Who ought to have been here before thee, and object, if they had ought against me." 210, "Knowing that a man is not justified by the works of the law, but by the faith of Jesus Christ, even we have believed in Jesus Christ, that we might be justified by the faith of Christ, and not by the works of the law: for by the works of the law shall no flesh be justified." 364, "Who gave himself for us, that he might redeem us from all iniquity, and purify unto himself a peculiar people, zealous of good works." 480, "Why do ye not understand my speech? even because ye cannot hear my word." 338, "For do I now persuade men, or God? or do I seek to please men? for if I yet pleased men, I should not be the servant of Christ." 310, "And all things are of God, who hath reconciled us to himself by Jesus Christ, and hath given to us the ministry of reconciliation;" 365, "And when he was full forty years old, it came into his heart to visit his brethren the children of Israel." 263, "Behold therefore the goodness and severity of God: on them which fell, severity; but toward thee, goodness, if thou continue in his goodness: otherwise thou also shalt be cut off." 361, "And when they were come to him, he said unto them, Ye know, from the first day that I came into Asia, after what manner I have been with you at all seasons," 229, "It is not expedient for me doubtless to glory. I will come to visions and revelations of the Lord." 283, "These things said he: and after that he saith unto them, Our friend Lazarus sleepeth; but I go, that I may awake him out of sleep." 287, "Lie not one to another, seeing that ye have put off the old man with his deeds;" 348, "And after the second veil, the tabernacle which is called the Holiest of all;" 276, "But when the fulness of the time was come, God sent forth his Son, made of a woman, made under the law," 352, "For there is no difference between the Jew and the Greek: for the same Lord over all is rich unto all that call upon him." 374, "And hath raised us up together, and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus:" 367, "And let us not be weary in well doing: for in due season we shall reap, if we faint not." 374, "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved." 428, "But Peter stood at the door without. Then went out that other disciple, which was known unto the high priest, and spake unto her that kept the door, and brought in Peter." 198, "From which some having swerved have turned aside unto vain jangling;" 573, "And when he had found him, he brought him unto Antioch. And it came to pass, that a whole year they assembled themselves with the church, and taught much people. And the disciples were called Christians first in Antioch." 251, "And when there was an assault made both of the Gentiles, and also of the Jews with their rulers, to use them despitefully, and to stone them," 235, "For though I would desire to glory, I shall not be a fool; for I will say the truth: but now I forbear, lest any man should think of me above that which he seeth me to be, or that he heareth of me." 279, "Therefore let all the house of Israel know assuredly, that God hath made that same Jesus, whom ye have crucified, both Lord and Christ." 296, "And laid their hands on the apostles, and put them in the common prison." 221, "Know ye not that we shall judge angels? how much more things that pertain to this life?" 369, "All the saints salute you." 501, "If any man serve me, let him follow me; and where I am, there shall also my servant be: if any man serve me, him will my Father honour." 292, "For ye are our glory and joy." 422, "We accept it always, and in all places, most noble Felix, with all thankfulness." 225, "But Peter rehearsed the matter from the beginning, and expounded it by order unto them, saying," 213, "For they that have used the office of a deacon well purchase to themselves a good degree, and great boldness in the faith which is in Christ Jesus." 328, "Which hope we have as an anchor of the soul, both sure and stedfast, and which entereth into that within the veil;" 306, "O righteous Father, the world hath not known thee: but I have known thee, and these have known that thou hast sent me." 317, "Grace unto you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ." 166, "The chief captain commanded him to be brought into the castle, and bade that he should be examined by scourging; that he might know wherefore they cried so against him." 205, "And when they agreed not among themselves, they departed, after that Paul had spoken one word, Well spake the Holy Ghost by Esaias the prophet unto our fathers," 274, "For as touching the ministering to the saints, it is superfluous for me to write to you:" 277, "For this cause many are weak and sickly among you, and many sleep." 370, "And there the centurion found a ship of Alexandria sailing into Italy; and he put us therein." 218, "And Crispus, the chief ruler of the synagogue, believed on the Lord with all his house; and many of the Corinthians hearing believed, and were baptized." 332, "For this is the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel after those days, saith the Lord; I will put my laws into their mind, and write them in their hearts: and I will be to them a God, and they shall be to me a people:" 357, "Paul, a servant of God, and an apostle of Jesus Christ, according to the faith of God's elect, and the acknowledging of the truth which is after godliness;" 313, "The Jews answered him, saying, For a good work we stone thee not; but for blasphemy; and because that thou, being a man, makest thyself God." 286, "In whom we have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of sins:" 276, "A devout man, and one that feared God with all his house, which gave much alms to the people, and prayed to God alway." 255, "For while one saith, I am of Paul; and another, I am of Apollos; are ye not carnal?" 338, "For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother, and shall be joined unto his wife, and they two shall be one flesh." 358, "Then departed Barnabas to Tarsus, for to seek Saul:" 484, "Whereupon neither the first testament was dedicated without blood." 464, "Neither give place to the devil." 591, "Therefore if thine enemy hunger, feed him; if he thirst, give him drink: for in so doing thou shalt heap coals of fire on his head." 378, "As the Father hath loved me, so have I loved you: continue ye in my love." 314, "They say unto the blind man again, What sayest thou of him, that he hath opened thine eyes? He said, He is a prophet." 249, "Jesus answered and said unto her, Whosoever drinketh of this water shall thirst again:" 315, "Jesus answered, Are there not twelve hours in the day? If any man walk in the day, he stumbleth not, because he seeth the light of this world." 255, "For, when we were come into Macedonia, our flesh had no rest, but we were troubled on every side; without were fightings, within were fears." 282, "For all things are for your sakes, that the abundant grace might through the thanksgiving of many redound to the glory of God." 301, "And Jesus, which is called Justus, who are of the circumcision. These only are my fellowworkers unto the kingdom of God, which have been a comfort unto me." 2760, "But we speak the wisdom of God in a mystery, even the hidden wisdom, which God ordained before the world unto our glory:" 370, "And when Peter was come to himself, he said, Now I know of a surety, that the Lord hath sent his angel, and hath delivered me out of the hand of Herod, and from all the expectation of the people of the Jews." 253, "For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be made alive." 351, "But now is Christ risen from the dead, and become the firstfruits of them that slept." 373, "As soon then as he had said unto them, I am he, they went backward, and fell to the ground." 289, "Now this I say, that every one of you saith, I am of Paul; and I of Apollos; and I of Cephas; and I of Christ." 341, "Then went this saying abroad among the brethren, that that disciple should not die: yet Jesus said not unto him, He shall not die; but, If I will that he tarry till I come, what is that to thee?" 279, "Truly the signs of an apostle were wrought among you in all patience, in signs, and wonders, and mighty deeds." 318, "Wherein he hath abounded toward us in all wisdom and prudence;" 313, "Even so we, when we were children, were in bondage under the elements of the world:" 351, "And when they were escaped, then they knew that the island was called Melita." 246, "While I was with them in the world, I kept them in thy name: those that thou gavest me I have kept, and none of them is lost, but the son of perdition; that the scripture might be fulfilled." 320, "For neither did his brethren believe in him." 545, "For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart." 321, "According to the grace of God which is given unto me, as a wise masterbuilder, I have laid the foundation, and another buildeth thereon. But let every man take heed how he buildeth thereupon." 354, "If he hath wronged thee, or oweth thee ought, put that on mine account;" 299, "And with all deceivableness of unrighteousness in them that perish; because they received not the love of the truth, that they might be saved." 415, "And being fully persuaded that, what he had promised, he was able also to perform." 318, "Now he that ministereth seed to the sower both minister bread for your food, and multiply your seed sown, and increase the fruits of your righteousness;)" 4550, "Having abolished in his flesh the enmity, even the law of commandments contained in ordinances; for to make in himself of twain one new man, so making peace;" 351, "Brethren, the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen. " 275, "And Paul, earnestly beholding the council, said, Men and brethren, I have lived in all good conscience before God until this day." 236, "Then said they unto him, What shall we do, that we might work the works of God?" 265, "Thou madest him a little lower than the angels; thou crownedst him with glory and honour, and didst set him over the works of thy hands:" 338, "But Paul said, I am a man which am a Jew of Tarsus, a city in Cilicia, a citizen of no mean city: and, I beseech thee, suffer me to speak unto the people." 246, "For our conversation is in heaven; from whence also we look for the Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ:" 351, "But all things that are reproved are made manifest by the light: for whatsoever doth make manifest is light." 256, "For he is not a Jew, which is one outwardly; neither is that circumcision, which is outward in the flesh:" 316, "Now he that hath wrought us for the selfsame thing is God, who also hath given unto us the earnest of the Spirit." 324, "For we are glad, when we are weak, and ye are strong: and this also we wish, even your perfection." 284, "If thou count me therefore a partner, receive him as myself." 275, "But withal prepare me also a lodging: for I trust that through your prayers I shall be given unto you." 253, "Nevertheless what saith the scripture? Cast out the bondwoman and her son: for the son of the bondwoman shall not be heir with the son of the freewoman." 317, "Servants, be obedient to them that are your masters according to the flesh, with fear and trembling, in singleness of your heart, as unto Christ;" 304, "Brethren, let every man, wherein he is called, therein abide with God." 261, "Hereafter I will not talk much with you: for the prince of this world cometh, and hath nothing in me." 302, "Have I committed an offence in abasing myself that ye might be exalted, because I have preached to you the gospel of God freely?" 259, "Even unto this present hour we both hunger, and thirst, and are naked, and are buffeted, and have no certain dwellingplace;" 2310, "The word which God sent unto the children of Israel, preaching peace by Jesus Christ: (he is Lord of all:)" 282, "And when Felix heard these things, having more perfect knowledge of that way, he deferred them, and said, When Lysias the chief captain shall come down, I will know the uttermost of your matter." 212, "And this is life eternal, that they might know thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent." 377, "Now concerning the things whereof ye wrote unto me: It is good for a man not to touch a woman." 260, "We give thanks to God always for you all, making mention of you in our prayers;" 330, "I beseech thee for my son Onesimus, whom I have begotten in my bonds:" 287, "For I know nothing by myself; yet am I not hereby justified: but he that judgeth me is the Lord." 332, "That Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith; that ye, being rooted and grounded in love," 404, "And now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three; but the greatest of these is charity." 407, "Touch not; taste not; handle not;" 621, "But now ye seek to kill me, a man that hath told you the truth, which I have heard of God: this did not Abraham." 289, "For I delight in the law of God after the inward man:" 259, "Said with a loud voice, Stand upright on thy feet. And he leaped and walked." 310, "Salute Philologus, and Julia, Nereus, and his sister, and Olympas, and all the saints which are with them." 215, "Then the chief captain took him by the hand, and went with him aside privately, and asked him, What is that thou hast to tell me?" 184, "While ye have light, believe in the light, that ye may be the children of light. These things spake Jesus, and departed, and did hide himself from them." 243, "I am become a fool in glorying; ye have compelled me: for I ought to have been commended of you: for in nothing am I behind the very chiefest apostles, though I be nothing." 236, "For the love of money is the root of all evil: which while some coveted after, they have erred from the faith, and pierced themselves through with many sorrows." 358, "Yea, and we are found false witnesses of God; because we have testified of God that he raised up Christ: whom he raised not up, if so be that the dead rise not." 319, "But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed." 419, "Ye see how large a letter I have written unto you with mine own hand." 269, "But the angel of the Lord by night opened the prison doors, and brought them forth, and said," 213, "So also is the resurrection of the dead. It is sown in corruption; it is raised in incorruption:" 266, "Flee fornication. Every sin that a man doeth is without the body; but he that committeth fornication sinneth against his own body." 334, "Then the same day at evening, being the first day of the week, when the doors were shut where the disciples were assembled for fear of the Jews, came Jesus and stood in the midst, and saith unto them, Peace be unto you." 301, "If the world hate you, ye know that it hated me before it hated you." 347, "And the law is not of faith: but, The man that doeth them shall live in them." 288, "With Onesimus, a faithful and beloved brother, who is one of you. They shall make known unto you all things which are done here." 261, "For ye suffer fools gladly, seeing ye yourselves are wise." 298, "The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet." 279, "Until I make thy foes thy footstool." 508, "Then laid they their hands on them, and they received the Holy Ghost." 337, "If I must needs glory, I will glory of the things which concern mine infirmities." 293, "That I may know him, and the power of his resurrection, and the fellowship of his sufferings, being made conformable unto his death;" 381, "And when I could not see for the glory of that light, being led by the hand of them that were with me, I came into Damascus." 253, "For the administration of this service not only supplieth the want of the saints, but is abundant also by many thanksgivings unto God;" 307, "For the Father himself loveth you, because ye have loved me, and have believed that I came out from God." 279, "For I have no man likeminded, who will naturally care for your state." 257, "Of whom be thou ware also; for he hath greatly withstood our words." 273, "Then Peter and the other apostles answered and said, We ought to obey God rather than men." 338, "But he, whom God raised again, saw no corruption." 271, "For I have not spoken of myself; but the Father which sent me, he gave me a commandment, what I should say, and what I should speak." 324, "The God of Abraham, and of Isaac, and of Jacob, the God of our fathers, hath glorified his Son Jesus; whom ye delivered up, and denied him in the presence of Pilate, when he was determined to let him go." 304, "For I would that all men were even as I myself. But every man hath his proper gift of God, one after this manner, and another after that." 283, "For John was not yet cast into prison." 359, "How then shall they call on him in whom they have not believed? and how shall they believe in him of whom they have not heard? and how shall they hear without a preacher?" 414, "For we walk by faith, not by sight:)" 78100, "And he said, How can I, except some man should guide me? And he desired Philip that he would come up and sit with him." 293, "She said, No man, Lord. And Jesus said unto her, Neither do I condemn thee: go, and sin no more." 323, "For it is written, Rejoice, thou barren that bearest not; break forth and cry, thou that travailest not: for the desolate hath many more children than she which hath an husband." 319, "But now hath he obtained a more excellent ministry, by how much also he is the mediator of a better covenant, which was established upon better promises." 339, "And ye will not come to me, that ye might have life." 243, "And when Silas and Timotheus were come from Macedonia, Paul was pressed in the spirit, and testified to the Jews that Jesus was Christ." 274, "If any thing be revealed to another that sitteth by, let the first hold his peace." 312, "Therefore, brethren, stand fast, and hold the traditions which ye have been taught, whether by word, or our epistle." 381, "Therefore, brethren, we are debtors, not to the flesh, to live after the flesh." 301, "And the hand of the Lord was with them: and a great number believed, and turned unto the Lord." 267, "Simon Peter saith unto him, Lord, not my feet only, but also my hands and my head." 280, "Jesus answered him, Wilt thou lay down thy life for my sake? Verily, verily, I say unto thee, The cock shall not crow, till thou hast denied me thrice." 251, "Then they cried out with a loud voice, and stopped their ears, and ran upon him with one accord," 311, "For David, after he had served his own generation by the will of God, fell on sleep, and was laid unto his fathers, and saw corruption:" 276, "And to him they had regard, because that of long time he had bewitched them with sorceries." 291, "Is he the God of the Jews only? is he not also of the Gentiles? Yes, of the Gentiles also:" 212, "Therefore said some of the Pharisees, This man is not of God, because he keepeth not the sabbath day. Others said, How can a man that is a sinner do such miracles? And there was a division among them." 275, "Jesus answered, Neither hath this man sinned, nor his parents: but that the works of God should be made manifest in him." 360, "In every thing give thanks: for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning you." 359, "And seeth two angels in white sitting, the one at the head, and the other at the feet, where the body of Jesus had lain." 312, "And he shall send Jesus Christ, which before was preached unto you:" 407, "The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen. " 262, "For the Father judgeth no man, but hath committed all judgment unto the Son:" 308, "Conscience, I say, not thine own, but of the other: for why is my liberty judged of another man's conscience?" 231, "When he had thus spoken, he spat on the ground, and made clay of the spittle, and he anointed the eyes of the blind man with the clay," 329, "And the next day we touched at Sidon. And Julius courteously entreated Paul, and gave him liberty to go unto his friends to refresh himself." 210, "All that ever came before me are thieves and robbers: but the sheep did not hear them." 297, "The neighbours therefore, and they which before had seen him that he was blind, said, Is not this he that sat and begged?" 279, "Judas saith unto him, not Iscariot, Lord, how is it that thou wilt manifest thyself unto us, and not unto the world?" 261, "And as it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment:" 315, "On the next day much people that were come to the feast, when they heard that Jesus was coming to Jerusalem," 244, "Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, to the saints which are at Ephesus, and to the faithful in Christ Jesus:" 233, "And that ye study to be quiet, and to do your own business, and to work with your own hands, as we commanded you;" 278, "And he killed James the brother of John with the sword." 201, "For he was numbered with us, and had obtained part of this ministry." 265, "Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, and Timothy our brother, unto the church of God which is at Corinth, with all the saints which are in all Achaia:" 221, "I speak after the manner of men because of the infirmity of your flesh: for as ye have yielded your members servants to uncleanness and to iniquity unto iniquity; even so now yield your members servants to righteousness unto holiness." 319, "But shewed first unto them of Damascus, and at Jerusalem, and throughout all the coasts of Judaea, and then to the Gentiles, that they should repent and turn to God, and do works meet for repentance." 294, "This is the third time I am coming to you. In the mouth of two or three witnesses shall every word be established." 331, "For I could wish that myself were accursed from Christ for my brethren, my kinsmen according to the flesh:" 317, "And they continued stedfastly in the apostles' doctrine and fellowship, and in breaking of bread, and in prayers." 347, "But and if she depart, let her remain unmarried, or be reconciled to her husband: and let not the husband put away his wife." 322, "Therefore, when they were come hither, without any delay on the morrow I sat on the judgment seat, and commanded the man to be brought forth." 208, "And unto the Jews I became as a Jew, that I might gain the Jews; to them that are under the law, as under the law, that I might gain them that are under the law;" 334, "And they wrote letters by them after this manner; The apostles and elders and brethren send greeting unto the brethren which are of the Gentiles in Antioch and Syria and Cilicia:" 296, "Marvel not at this: for the hour is coming, in the which all that are in the graves shall hear his voice," 352, "So then they that are in the flesh cannot please God." 304, "Then Paul and Barnabas waxed bold, and said, It was necessary that the word of God should first have been spoken to you: but seeing ye put it from you, and judge yourselves unworthy of everlasting life, lo, we turn to the Gentiles." 281, "For neither they themselves who are circumcised keep the law; but desire to have you circumcised, that they may glory in your flesh." 308, "Because thou wilt not leave my soul in hell, neither wilt thou suffer thine Holy One to see corruption." 258, "He riseth from supper, and laid aside his garments; and took a towel, and girded himself." 320, "But when the Jews saw the multitudes, they were filled with envy, and spake against those things which were spoken by Paul, contradicting and blaspheming." 275, "Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live:" 402, "There is another that beareth witness of me; and I know that the witness which he witnesseth of me is true." 226, "And it came to pass, that, as I made my journey, and was come nigh unto Damascus about noon, suddenly there shone from heaven a great light round about me." 250, "That they may teach the young women to be sober, to love their husbands, to love their children," 337, "This title then read many of the Jews: for the place where Jesus was crucified was nigh to the city: and it was written in Hebrew, and Greek, and Latin." 251, "Now I tell you before it come, that, when it is come to pass, ye may believe that I am he." 270, "And suddenly there was a great earthquake, so that the foundations of the prison were shaken: and immediately all the doors were opened, and every one's bands were loosed." 311, "We then, as workers together with him, beseech you also that ye receive not the grace of God in vain." 352, "For to this end also did I write, that I might know the proof of you, whether ye be obedient in all things." 265, "Thou therefore endure hardness, as a good soldier of Jesus Christ." 367, "And when he had destroyed seven nations in the land of Chanaan, he divided their land to them by lot." 211, "And to you who are troubled rest with us, when the Lord Jesus shall be revealed from heaven with his mighty angels," 359, "And I, brethren, when I came to you, came not with excellency of speech or of wisdom, declaring unto you the testimony of God." 343, "And afterward they desired a king: and God gave unto them Saul the son of Cis, a man of the tribe of Benjamin, by the space of forty years." 251, "Be ye therefore followers of God, as dear children;" 400, "And the Lord direct your hearts into the love of God, and into the patient waiting for Christ." 292, "Then cometh the end, when he shall have delivered up the kingdom to God, even the Father; when he shall have put down all rule and all authority and power." 333, "To whom also he shewed himself alive after his passion by many infallible proofs, being seen of them forty days, and speaking of the things pertaining to the kingdom of God:" 283, "For Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to every one that believeth." 301, "I say then, Hath God cast away his people? God forbid. For I also am an Israelite, of the seed of Abraham, of the tribe of Benjamin." 316, "And were carried over into Sychem, and laid in the sepulchre that Abraham bought for a sum of money of the sons of Emmor the father of Sychem." 212, "When he shall come to be glorified in his saints, and to be admired in all them that believe (because our testimony among you was believed) in that day." 361, "Let such an one think this, that, such as we are in word by letters when we are absent, such will we be also in deed when we are present." 250, "But God hath chosen the foolish things of the world to confound the wise; and God hath chosen the weak things of the world to confound the things which are mighty;" 319, "Then went the captain with the officers, and brought them without violence: for they feared the people, lest they should have been stoned." 233, "For to me to live is Christ, and to die is gain." 458, "Because that by reason of him many of the Jews went away, and believed on Jesus." 224, "Then Simon himself believed also: and when he was baptized, he continued with Philip, and wondered, beholding the miracles and signs which were done." 346, "And a certain Jew named Apollos, born at Alexandria, an eloquent man, and mighty in the scriptures, came to Ephesus." 296, "For the Jews require a sign, and the Greeks seek after wisdom:" 228, "Wherefore remember, that ye being in time past Gentiles in the flesh, who are called Uncircumcision by that which is called the Circumcision in the flesh made by hands;" 350, "To whom we gave place by subjection, no, not for an hour; that the truth of the gospel might continue with you." 315, "And not only so, but we also joy in God through our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom we have now received the atonement." 332, "And after that he gave unto them judges about the space of four hundred and fifty years, until Samuel the prophet." 251, "But he that is spiritual judgeth all things, yet he himself is judged of no man." 357, "Let their eyes be darkened, that they may not see, and bow down their back alway." 276, "Not now as a servant, but above a servant, a brother beloved, specially to me, but how much more unto thee, both in the flesh, and in the Lord?" 279, "For ye have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear; but ye have received the Spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, Abba, Father." 359, "For none of us liveth to himself, and no man dieth to himself." 344, "Therefore, brethren, we were comforted over you in all our affliction and distress by your faith:" 289, "For the good that I would I do not: but the evil which I would not, that I do." 172, "All that are with me salute thee. Greet them that love us in the faith. Grace be with you all. Amen. " 276, "Jesus saith unto them, My meat is to do the will of him that sent me, and to finish his work." 345, "And they took him, and brought him unto Areopagus, saying, May we know what this new doctrine, whereof thou speakest, is?" 253, "Whereof I was made a minister, according to the gift of the grace of God given unto me by the effectual working of his power." 302, "Therefore as the church is subject unto Christ, so let the wives be to their own husbands in every thing." 344, "Then when he was come into Galilee, the Galilaeans received him, having seen all the things that he did at Jerusalem at the feast: for they also went unto the feast." 195, "But if thy brother be grieved with thy meat, now walkest thou not charitably. Destroy not him with thy meat, for whom Christ died." 283, "And as he talked with him, he went in, and found many that were come together." 209, "Then went in also that other disciple, which came first to the sepulchre, and he saw, and believed." 265, "And by reason hereof he ought, as for the people, so also for himself, to offer for sins." 316, "For every one that useth milk is unskilful in the word of righteousness: for he is a babe." 395, "And he trembling and astonished said, Lord, what wilt thou have me to do? And the Lord said unto him, Arise, and go into the city, and it shall be told thee what thou must do." 274, "Jesus therefore walked no more openly among the Jews; but went thence unto a country near to the wilderness, into a city called Ephraim, and there continued with his disciples." 227, "But glory, honour, and peace, to every man that worketh good, to the Jew first, and also to the Gentile:" 339, "For through him we both have access by one Spirit unto the Father." 298, "For some, when they had heard, did provoke: howbeit not all that came out of Egypt by Moses." 341, "For it pleased the Father that in him should all fulness dwell;" 319, "Wherefore, though I might be much bold in Christ to enjoin thee that which is convenient," 279, "Ye do the deeds of your father. Then said they to him, We be not born of fornication; we have one Father, even God." 281, "And immediately the angel of the Lord smote him, because he gave not God the glory: and he was eaten of worms, and gave up the ghost." 297, "I have fed you with milk, and not with meat: for hitherto ye were not able to bear it, neither yet now are ye able." 341, "Now I beseech you, brethren, mark them which cause divisions and offences contrary to the doctrine which ye have learned; and avoid them." 349, "Behold Israel after the flesh: are not they which eat of the sacrifices partakers of the altar?" 253, "But he, being full of the Holy Ghost, looked up stedfastly into heaven, and saw the glory of God, and Jesus standing on the right hand of God," 312, "If ye love me, keep my commandments." 71800, "These things write I unto thee, hoping to come unto thee shortly:" 330, "And he said, Men, brethren, and fathers, hearken; The God of glory appeared unto our father Abraham, when he was in Mesopotamia, before he dwelt in Charran," 234, "As touching our brother Apollos, I greatly desired him to come unto you with the brethren: but his will was not at all to come at this time; but he will come when he shall have convenient time." 217, "And the woman which hath an husband that believeth not, and if he be pleased to dwell with her, let her not leave him." 301, "There was a division therefore again among the Jews for these sayings." 226, "The Jews answered him, We have a law, and by our law he ought to die, because he made himself the Son of God." 254, "And Barnabas determined to take with them John, whose surname was Mark." 227, "God hath fulfilled the same unto us their children, in that he hath raised up Jesus again; as it is also written in the second psalm, Thou art my Son, this day have I begotten thee." 320, "For no man ever yet hated his own flesh; but nourisheth and cherisheth it, even as the Lord the church:" 337, "But a lover of hospitality, a lover of good men, sober, just, holy, temperate;" 328, "O ye Corinthians, our mouth is open unto you, our heart is enlarged." 8520, "Brethren, I beseech you, be as I am; for I am as ye are: ye have not injured me at all." 259, "Now to Abraham and his seed were the promises made. He saith not, And to seeds, as of many; but as of one, And to thy seed, which is Christ." 365, "Being filled with the fruits of righteousness, which are by Jesus Christ, unto the glory and praise of God." 316, "And the people with one accord gave heed unto those things which Philip spake, hearing and seeing the miracles which he did." 322, "Whereof I am made a minister, according to the dispensation of God which is given to me for you, to fulfil the word of God;" 280, "This is a true saying, If a man desire the office of a bishop, he desireth a good work." 313, "Who shall also confirm you unto the end, that ye may be blameless in the day of our Lord Jesus Christ." 320, "Comfort your hearts, and stablish you in every good word and work." 369, "Let no man deceive you with vain words: for because of these things cometh the wrath of God upon the children of disobedience." 329, "For to do whatsoever thy hand and thy counsel determined before to be done." 321, "Purge out therefore the old leaven, that ye may be a new lump, as ye are unleavened. For even Christ our passover is sacrificed for us:" 365, "The Lord Jesus Christ be with thy spirit. Grace be with you. Amen. " 229, "These things command and teach." 196, "Even the mystery which hath been hid from ages and from generations, but now is made manifest to his saints:" 321, "For the promise, that he should be the heir of the world, was not to Abraham, or to his seed, through the law, but through the righteousness of faith." 218, "But there was a certain man, called Simon, which beforetime in the same city used sorcery, and bewitched the people of Samaria, giving out that himself was some great one:" 282, "In journeyings often, in perils of waters, in perils of robbers, in perils by mine own countrymen, in perils by the heathen, in perils in the city, in perils in the wilderness, in perils in the sea, in perils among false brethren;" 359, "That ye submit yourselves unto such, and to every one that helpeth with us, and laboureth." 258, "For we write none other things unto you, than what ye read or acknowledge; and I trust ye shall acknowledge even to the end;" 222, "It is reported commonly that there is fornication among you, and such fornication as is not so much as named among the Gentiles, that one should have his father's wife." 323, "That I may not seem as if I would terrify you by letters." 237, "Hold fast the form of sound words, which thou hast heard of me, in faith and love which is in Christ Jesus." 302, "For if I do this thing willingly, I have a reward: but if against my will, a dispensation of the gospel is committed unto me." 302, "They are all gone out of the way, they are together become unprofitable; there is none that doeth good, no, not one." 376, "As the living Father hath sent me, and I live by the Father: so he that eateth me, even he shall live by me." 301, "Now we have received, not the spirit of the world, but the spirit which is of God; that we might know the things that are freely given to us of God." 373, "And over it the cherubims of glory shadowing the mercyseat; of which we cannot now speak particularly." 293, "And when this epistle is read among you, cause that it be read also in the church of the Laodiceans; and that ye likewise read the epistle from Laodicea." 308, "And being let go, they went to their own company, and reported all that the chief priests and elders had said unto them." 272, "Now we beseech you, brethren, by the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, and by our gathering together unto him," 394, "And said unto him, Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and come into the land which I shall shew thee." 224, "For many walk, of whom I have told you often, and now tell you even weeping, that they are the enemies of the cross of Christ:" 327, "But exhort one another daily, while it is called To day; lest any of you be hardened through the deceitfulness of sin." 349, "Do not think that I will accuse you to the Father: there is one that accuseth you, even Moses, in whom ye trust." 280, "To the one we are the savour of death unto death; and to the other the savour of life unto life. And who is sufficient for these things?" 305, "Let all your things be done with charity." 468, "For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy," 412, "Then said Jesus unto them, Yet a little while am I with you, and then I go unto him that sent me." 209, "And when he had said these words, the Jews departed, and had great reasoning among themselves." 322, "Yet ye have not known him; but I know him: and if I should say, I know him not, I shall be a liar like unto you: but I know him, and keep his saying." 219, "So ought men to love their wives as their own bodies. He that loveth his wife loveth himself." 334, "Let the deacons be the husbands of one wife, ruling their children and their own houses well." 326, "And there abode three months. And when the Jews laid wait for him, as he was about to sail into Syria, he purposed to return through Macedonia." 200, "Nicodemus saith unto them, (he that came to Jesus by night, being one of them,)" 255, "And in those days Peter stood up in the midst of the disciples, and said, (the number of names together were about an hundred and twenty,)" 239, "Then said they unto him, Where is he? He said, I know not." 213, "I will not leave you comfortless: I will come to you." 375, "Now we command you, brethren, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that ye withdraw yourselves from every brother that walketh disorderly, and not after the tradition which he received of us." 365, "Let your speech be alway with grace, seasoned with salt, that ye may know how ye ought to answer every man." 270, "Whose mouths must be stopped, who subvert whole houses, teaching things which they ought not, for filthy lucre's sake." 305, "But he saith unto them, It is I; be not afraid." 176, "If therefore the whole church be come together into one place, and all speak with tongues, and there come in those that are unlearned, or unbelievers, will they not say that ye are mad?" 280, "And there were seven sons of one Sceva, a Jew, and chief of the priests, which did so." 314, "And when they were come in, they went up into an upper room, where abode both Peter, and James, and John, and Andrew, Philip, and Thomas, Bartholomew, and Matthew, James the son of Alphaeus, and Simon Zelotes, and Judas the brother of James." 253, "Then all the Greeks took Sosthenes, the chief ruler of the synagogue, and beat him before the judgment seat. And Gallio cared for none of those things." 235, "And there were dwelling at Jerusalem Jews, devout men, out of every nation under heaven." 333, "What then? shall we sin, because we are not under the law, but under grace? God forbid." 341, "Every man praying or prophesying, having his head covered, dishonoureth his head." 379, "Them take, and purify thyself with them, and be at charges with them, that they may shave their heads: and all may know that those things, whereof they were informed concerning thee, are nothing; but that thou thyself also walkest orderly, and keepest the law." 262, "Now if any man build upon this foundation gold, silver, precious stones, wood, hay, stubble;" 408, "Are they ministers of Christ? (I speak as a fool) I am more; in labours more abundant, in stripes above measure, in prisons more frequent, in deaths oft." 316, "But if there be no interpreter, let him keep silence in the church; and let him speak to himself, and to God." 282, "Then said Paul, I wist not, brethren, that he was the high priest: for it is written, Thou shalt not speak evil of the ruler of thy people." 268, "He that speaketh of himself seeketh his own glory: but he that seeketh his glory that sent him, the same is true, and no unrighteousness is in him." 291, "Seeing then that we have such hope, we use great plainness of speech:" 292, "And I intreat thee also, true yokefellow, help those women which laboured with me in the gospel, with Clement also, and with other my fellowlabourers, whose names are in the book of life." 261, "And when it was determined that we should sail into Italy, they delivered Paul and certain other prisoners unto one named Julius, a centurion of Augustus' band." 222, "Then verily the first covenant had also ordinances of divine service, and a worldly sanctuary." 283, "So then if, while her husband liveth, she be married to another man, she shall be called an adulteress: but if her husband be dead, she is free from that law; so that she is no adulteress, though she be married to another man." 349, "Saying, I am the God of thy fathers, the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob. Then Moses trembled, and durst not behold." 211, "Therefore we are buried with him by baptism into death: that like as Christ was raised up from the dead by the glory of the Father, even so we also should walk in newness of life." 388, "Then Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Except ye eat the flesh of the Son of man, and drink his blood, ye have no life in you." 349, "Love worketh no ill to his neighbour: therefore love is the fulfilling of the law." 358, "And when they had appointed him a day, there came many to him into his lodging; to whom he expounded and testified the kingdom of God, persuading them concerning Jesus, both out of the law of Moses, and out of the prophets, from morning till evening." 272, "As is the earthy, such are they also that are earthy: and as is the heavenly, such are they also that are heavenly." 311, "Let the prophets speak two or three, and let the other judge." 278, "Brethren, pray for us." 16200, "Now no man at the table knew for what intent he spake this unto him." 258, "Upon the which when I had fastened mine eyes, I considered, and saw fourfooted beasts of the earth, and wild beasts, and creeping things, and fowls of the air." 218, "And that ye put on the new man, which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness." 365, "For when God made promise to Abraham, because he could swear by no greater, he sware by himself," 275, "For these are not drunken, as ye suppose, seeing it is but the third hour of the day." 327, "This he said, signifying what death he should die." 319, "For I was alive without the law once: but when the commandment came, sin revived, and I died." 304, "But the hour cometh, and now is, when the true worshippers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth: for the Father seeketh such to worship him." 390, "And sent Timotheus, our brother, and minister of God, and our fellowlabourer in the gospel of Christ, to establish you, and to comfort you concerning your faith:" 2240, "But if any widow have children or nephews, let them learn first to shew piety at home, and to requite their parents: for that is good and acceptable before God." 224, "For yourselves, brethren, know our entrance in unto you, that it was not in vain:" 272, "Is the law then against the promises of God? God forbid: for if there had been a law given which could have given life, verily righteousness should have been by the law." 303, "When they heard this, they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus." 227, "And as they went about to kill him, tidings came unto the chief captain of the band, that all Jerusalem was in an uproar." 223, "For if the blood of bulls and of goats, and the ashes of an heifer sprinkling the unclean, sanctifieth to the purifying of the flesh:" 354, "Owe no man any thing, but to love one another: for he that loveth another hath fulfilled the law." 325, "Paul also and Barnabas continued in Antioch, teaching and preaching the word of the Lord, with many others also." 230, "Now therefore there is utterly a fault among you, because ye go to law one with another. Why do ye not rather take wrong? why do ye not rather suffer yourselves to be defrauded?" 341, "And when they had laid many stripes upon them, they cast them into prison, charging the jailor to keep them safely:" 282, "That no man go beyond and defraud his brother in any matter: because that the Lord is the avenger of all such, as we also have forewarned you and testified." 323, "One of themselves, even a prophet of their own, said, The Cretians are alway liars, evil beasts, slow bellies." 332, "Peter therefore went forth, and that other disciple, and came to the sepulchre." 261, "For I speak to you Gentiles, inasmuch as I am the apostle of the Gentiles, I magnify mine office:" 332, "Then came the soldiers, and brake the legs of the first, and of the other which was crucified with him." 323, "But in all things approving ourselves as the ministers of God, in much patience, in afflictions, in necessities, in distresses," 312, "The salutation of Paul with mine own hand, which is the token in every epistle: so I write." 305, "I robbed other churches, taking wages of them, to do you service." 262, "It is a faithful saying: For if we be dead with him, we shall also live with him:" 295, "The Jews then murmured at him, because he said, I am the bread which came down from heaven." 249, "I sent you to reap that whereon ye bestowed no labour: other men laboured, and ye are entered into their labours." 284, "He shall glorify me: for he shall receive of mine, and shall shew it unto you." 334, "And said, Behold, I see the heavens opened, and the Son of man standing on the right hand of God." 235, "For the woman which hath an husband is bound by the law to her husband so long as he liveth; but if the husband be dead, she is loosed from the law of her husband." 350, "As we have therefore opportunity, let us do good unto all men, especially unto them who are of the household of faith." 374, "And when we were come to Jerusalem, the brethren received us gladly." 219, "Or who hath first given to him, and it shall be recompensed unto him again?" 356, "My sheep hear my voice, and I know them, and they follow me:" 458, "Jesus therefore answered and said unto them, Murmur not among yourselves." 221, "Wherein I suffer trouble, as an evil doer, even unto bonds; but the word of God is not bound." 279, "For it is written, that Abraham had two sons, the one by a bondmaid, the other by a freewoman." 355, "Who also honoured us with many honours; and when we departed, they laded us with such things as were necessary." 225, "And he wrote a letter after this manner:" 272, "And the man in whom the evil spirit was leaped on them, and overcame them, and prevailed against them, so that they fled out of that house naked and wounded." 292, "He said unto them, Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed? And they said unto him, We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost." 350, "He saith unto him the third time, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me? Peter was grieved because he said unto him the third time, Lovest thou me? And he said unto him, Lord, thou knowest all things; thou knowest that I love thee. Jesus saith unto him, Feed my sheep." 316, "If any man love not the Lord Jesus Christ, let him be Anathema Maranatha." 283, "Wherefore my sentence is, that we trouble not them, which from among the Gentiles are turned to God:" 321, "And said, Hail, King of the Jews! and they smote him with their hands." 230, "Then they also which are fallen asleep in Christ are perished." 318, "What then? are we better than they? No, in no wise: for we have before proved both Jews and Gentiles, that they are all under sin;" 300, "And in those days, when the number of the disciples was multiplied, there arose a murmuring of the Grecians against the Hebrews, because their widows were neglected in the daily ministration." 320, "All that the Father giveth me shall come to me; and him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast out." 360, "I suppose therefore that this is good for the present distress, I say, that it is good for a man so to be." 212, "Defraud ye not one the other, except it be with consent for a time, that ye may give yourselves to fasting and prayer; and come together again, that Satan tempt you not for your incontinency." 316, "Night and day praying exceedingly that we might see your face, and might perfect that which is lacking in your faith?" 299, "Yea, ye yourselves know, that these hands have ministered unto my necessities, and to them that were with me." 275, "And that he was seen of Cephas, then of the twelve:" 329, "In stripes, in imprisonments, in tumults, in labours, in watchings, in fastings;" 629, "Take heed, brethren, lest there be in any of you an evil heart of unbelief, in departing from the living God." 352, "My little children, of whom I travail in birth again until Christ be formed in you," 335, "Then came the officers to the chief priests and Pharisees; and they said unto them, Why have ye not brought him?" 242, "For I verily, as absent in body, but present in spirit, have judged already, as though I were present, concerning him that hath so done this deed," 330, "Then saith the woman of Samaria unto him, How is it that thou, being a Jew, askest drink of me, which am a woman of Samaria? for the Jews have no dealings with the Samaritans." 279, "For yourselves know perfectly that the day of the Lord so cometh as a thief in the night." 364, "And he commanded them to be baptized in the name of the Lord. Then prayed they him to tarry certain days." 326, "Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom; teaching and admonishing one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing with grace in your hearts to the Lord." 366, "Then Peter went down to the men which were sent unto him from Cornelius; and said, Behold, I am he whom ye seek: what is the cause wherefore ye are come?" 237, "And the apostles and brethren that were in Judaea heard that the Gentiles had also received the word of God." 222, "For he that is called in the Lord, being a servant, is the Lord's freeman: likewise also he that is called, being free, is Christ's servant." 309, "And the chief captain answered, With a great sum obtained I this freedom. And Paul said, But I was free born." 249, "Then the priest of Jupiter, which was before their city, brought oxen and garlands unto the gates, and would have done sacrifice with the people." 261, "And God wrought special miracles by the hands of Paul:" 354, "But when divers were hardened, and believed not, but spake evil of that way before the multitude, he departed from them, and separated the disciples, disputing daily in the school of one Tyrannus." 257, "But with many of them God was not well pleased: for they were overthrown in the wilderness." 325, "And as they bound him with thongs, Paul said unto the centurion that stood by, Is it lawful for you to scourge a man that is a Roman, and uncondemned?" 245, "And while they looked stedfastly toward heaven as he went up, behold, two men stood by them in white apparel;" 372, "But with me it is a very small thing that I should be judged of you, or of man's judgment: yea, I judge not mine own self." 302, "And he received the sign of circumcision, a seal of the righteousness of the faith which he had yet being uncircumcised: that he might be the father of all them that believe, though they be not circumcised; that righteousness might be imputed unto them also:" 274, "Nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners, shall inherit the kingdom of God." 427, "That we henceforth be no more children, tossed to and fro, and carried about with every wind of doctrine, by the sleight of men, and cunning craftiness, whereby they lie in wait to deceive;" 379, "All flesh is not the same flesh: but there is one kind of flesh of men, another flesh of beasts, another of fishes, and another of birds." 301, "For he knew who should betray him; therefore said he, Ye are not all clean." 312, "Then said the high priest, Are these things so?" 232, "Then certain of the vagabond Jews, exorcists, took upon them to call over them which had evil spirits the name of the Lord Jesus, saying, We adjure you by Jesus whom Paul preacheth." 282, "From that time many of his disciples went back, and walked no more with him." 329, "Thou that makest thy boast of the law, through breaking the law dishonourest thou God?" 3060, "Boast not against the branches. But if thou boast, thou bearest not the root, but the root thee." 361, "Then the band and the captain and officers of the Jews took Jesus, and bound him," 214, "For if a man know not how to rule his own house, how shall he take care of the church of God?)" 343, "And the same man had four daughters, virgins, which did prophesy." 285, "He was a burning and a shining light: and ye were willing for a season to rejoice in his light." 226, "For the scripture saith, Thou shalt not muzzle the ox that treadeth out the corn. And, The labourer is worthy of his reward." 305, "And Jesus said unto him, Thou hast both seen him, and it is he that talketh with thee." 274, "Of such an one will I glory: yet of myself I will not glory, but in mine infirmities." 287, "The kings of the earth stood up, and the rulers were gathered together against the Lord, and against his Christ." 320, "For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places." 372, "And these things will they do unto you, because they have not known the Father, nor me." 262, "And I said, Who art thou, Lord? And he said, I am Jesus whom thou persecutest." 188, "Beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeth all things, endureth all things." 711, "But the unbelieving Jews stirred up the Gentiles, and made their minds evil affected against the brethren." 254, "God forbid: for then how shall God judge the world?" 266, "And when he is come, he will reprove the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of judgment:" 343, "To him the porter openeth; and the sheep hear his voice: and he calleth his own sheep by name, and leadeth them out." 311, "And now send men to Joppa, and call for one Simon, whose surname is Peter:" 248, "Therefore they that were scattered abroad went every where preaching the word." 305, "Wherefore, my beloved, as ye have always obeyed, not as in my presence only, but now much more in my absence, work out your own salvation with fear and trembling." 31100, "For what if some did not believe? shall their unbelief make the faith of God without effect?" 299, "Now there stood by the cross of Jesus his mother, and his mother's sister, Mary the wife of Cleophas, and Mary Magdalene." 270, "Or ministry, let us wait on our ministering: or he that teacheth, on teaching;" 322, "And, being assembled together with them, commanded them that they should not depart from Jerusalem, but wait for the promise of the Father, which, saith he, ye have heard of me." 326, "Who serve unto the example and shadow of heavenly things, as Moses was admonished of God when he was about to make the tabernacle: for, See, saith he, that thou make all things according to the pattern shewed to thee in the mount." 344, "So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God." 468, "And when the townclerk had appeased the people, he said, Ye men of Ephesus, what man is there that knoweth not how that the city of the Ephesians is a worshipper of the great goddess Diana, and of the image which fell down from Jupiter?" 237, "After this I will return, and will build again the tabernacle of David, which is fallen down; and I will build again the ruins thereof, and I will set it up:" 342, "And without controversy great is the mystery of godliness: God was manifest in the flesh, justified in the Spirit, seen of angels, preached unto the Gentiles, believed on in the world, received up into glory." 371, "So he took him, and brought him to the chief captain, and said, Paul the prisoner called me unto him, and prayed me to bring this young man unto thee, who hath something to say unto thee." 195, "Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report; if there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these things." 408, "Take heed unto thyself, and unto the doctrine; continue in them: for in doing this thou shalt both save thyself, and them that hear thee." 325, "When Jesus therefore had received the vinegar, he said, It is finished: and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost." 366, "This only would I learn of you, Received ye the Spirit by the works of the law, or by the hearing of faith?" 350, "And they that weep, as though they wept not; and they that rejoice, as though they rejoiced not; and they that buy, as though they possessed not;" 259, "And when he had apprehended him, he put him in prison, and delivered him to four quaternions of soldiers to keep him; intending after Easter to bring him forth to the people." 336, "What fruit had ye then in those things whereof ye are now ashamed? for the end of those things is death." 289, "For it became him, for whom are all things, and by whom are all things, in bringing many sons unto glory, to make the captain of their salvation perfect through sufferings." 336, "Who changed the truth of God into a lie, and worshipped and served the creature more than the Creator, who is blessed for ever. Amen." 365, "But now we are delivered from the law, that being dead wherein we were held; that we should serve in newness of spirit, and not in the oldness of the letter." 322, "So when this was done, others also, which had diseases in the island, came, and were healed:" 286, "And we are his witnesses of these things; and so is also the Holy Ghost, whom God hath given to them that obey him." 300, "Yet count him not as an enemy, but admonish him as a brother." 282, "Thanks be unto God for his unspeakable gift." 581, "For such an high priest became us, who is holy, harmless, undefiled, separate from sinners, and made higher than the heavens;" 299, "Neither by the blood of goats and calves, but by his own blood he entered in once into the holy place, having obtained eternal redemption for us." 375, "This I say then, Walk in the Spirit, and ye shall not fulfil the lust of the flesh." 319, "No man taketh it from me, but I lay it down of myself. I have power to lay it down, and I have power to take it again. This commandment have I received of my Father." 338, "And if a man also strive for masteries, yet is he not crowned, except he strive lawfully." 326, "And they came unto John, and said unto him, Rabbi, he that was with thee beyond Jordan, to whom thou barest witness, behold, the same baptizeth, and all men come to him." 218, "Every man's work shall be made manifest: for the day shall declare it, because it shall be revealed by fire; and the fire shall try every man's work of what sort it is." 376, "And when Saul was come to Jerusalem, he assayed to join himself to the disciples: but they were all afraid of him, and believed not that he was a disciple." 242, "For the creature was made subject to vanity, not willingly, but by reason of him who hath subjected the same in hope," 274, "But every woman that prayeth or prophesieth with her head uncovered dishonoureth her head: for that is even all one as if she were shaven." 326, "Forbidding to marry, and commanding to abstain from meats, which God hath created to be received with thanksgiving of them which believe and know the truth." 372, "Yea doubtless, and I count all things but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord: for whom I have suffered the loss of all things, and do count them but dung, that I may win Christ," 350, "Where there is neither Greek nor Jew, circumcision nor uncircumcision, Barbarian, Scythian, bond nor free: but Christ is all, and in all." 333, "And as we have borne the image of the earthy, we shall also bear the image of the heavenly." 285, "Making request, if by any means now at length I might have a prosperous journey by the will of God to come unto you." 227, "And when he had received meat, he was strengthened. Then was Saul certain days with the disciples which were at Damascus." 256, "What and if ye shall see the Son of man ascend up where he was before?" 308, "Jesus cried and said, He that believeth on me, believeth not on me, but on him that sent me." 274, "For he spake in a certain place of the seventh day on this wise, And God did rest the seventh day from all his works." 268, "But, when he was in Rome, he sought me out very diligently, and found me." 252, "Then stood there up one in the council, a Pharisee, named Gamaliel, a doctor of the law, had in reputation among all the people, and commanded to put the apostles forth a little space;" 268, "For God hath not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind." 398, "And the grace of our Lord was exceeding abundant with faith and love which is in Christ Jesus." 294, "Holding fast the faithful word as he hath been taught, that he may be able by sound doctrine both to exhort and to convince the gainsayers." 366, "He that loveth me not keepeth not my sayings: and the word which ye hear is not mine, but the Father's which sent me." 282, "Then came he out of the land of the Chaldaeans, and dwelt in Charran: and from thence, when his father was dead, he removed him into this land, wherein ye now dwell." 236, "And the word of God increased; and the number of the disciples multiplied in Jerusalem greatly; and a great company of the priests were obedient to the faith." 339, "And if by grace, then is it no more of works: otherwise grace is no more grace. But if it be of works, then is it no more grace: otherwise work is no more work." 268, "For the name of God is blasphemed among the Gentiles through you, as it is written." 250, "Then the soldiers cut off the ropes of the boat, and let her fall off." 219, "Then Philip went down to the city of Samaria, and preached Christ unto them." 314, "Young men likewise exhort to be sober minded." 387, "If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed." 377, "Who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshipped; so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God, shewing himself that he is God." 389, "So that from his body were brought unto the sick handkerchiefs or aprons, and the diseases departed from them, and the evil spirits went out of them." 327, "Wherefore, brethren, covet to prophesy, and forbid not to speak with tongues." 329, "And as Peter was coming in, Cornelius met him, and fell down at his feet, and worshipped him." 257, "And it was known unto all the dwellers at Jerusalem; insomuch as that field is called in their proper tongue, Aceldama, that is to say, The field of blood." 277, "I charge thee before God, and the Lord Jesus Christ, and the elect angels, that thou observe these things without preferring one before another, doing nothing by partiality." 320, "How much more shall the blood of Christ, who through the eternal Spirit offered himself without spot to God, purge your conscience from dead works to serve the living God?" 356, "Then they reviled him, and said, Thou art his disciple; but we are Moses' disciples." 264, "And fear came upon every soul: and many wonders and signs were done by the apostles." 342, "For the law made nothing perfect, but the bringing in of a better hope did; by the which we draw nigh unto God." 295, "That no man should be moved by these afflictions: for yourselves know that we are appointed thereunto." 304, "For every one that doeth evil hateth the light, neither cometh to the light, lest his deeds should be reproved." 349, "Again, think ye that we excuse ourselves unto you? we speak before God in Christ: but we do all things, dearly beloved, for your edifying." 215, "And when he looked on him, he was afraid, and said, What is it, Lord? And he said unto him, Thy prayers and thine alms are come up for a memorial before God." 251, "In his humiliation his judgment was taken away: and who shall declare his generation? for his life is taken from the earth." 296, "This is he, that was in the church in the wilderness with the angel which spake to him in the mount Sina, and with our fathers: who received the lively oracles to give unto us:" 249, "And killed the Prince of life, whom God hath raised from the dead; whereof we are witnesses." 302, "For there must be also heresies among you, that they which are approved may be made manifest among you." 314, "Whosoever therefore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God: and they that resist shall receive to themselves damnation." 412, "Peace be to the brethren, and love with faith, from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ." 246, "Moreover, brethren, I would not that ye should be ignorant, how that all our fathers were under the cloud, and all passed through the sea;" 312, "Though he were a Son, yet learned he obedience by the things which he suffered;" 334, "Then said they unto him, Who art thou? And Jesus saith unto them, Even the same that I said unto you from the beginning." 215, "And many resorted unto him, and said, John did no miracle: but all things that John spake of this man were true." 208, "Then the disciples, every man according to his ability, determined to send relief unto the brethren which dwelt in Judaea:" 287, "As he saith also in Osee, I will call them my people, which were not my people; and her beloved, which was not beloved." 271, "He that cometh from above is above all: he that is of the earth is earthly, and speaketh of the earth: he that cometh from heaven is above all." 257, "Nor of men sought we glory, neither of you, nor yet of others, when we might have been burdensome, as the apostles of Christ." 269, "And lest I should be exalted above measure through the abundance of the revelations, there was given to me a thorn in the flesh, the messenger of Satan to buffet me, lest I should be exalted above measure." 334, "But he that is married careth for the things that are of the world, how he may please his wife." 321, "And supper being ended, the devil having now put into the heart of Judas Iscariot, Simon's son, to betray him;" 288, "And when she had so said, she went her way, and called Mary her sister secretly, saying, The Master is come, and calleth for thee." 241, "But I determined this with myself, that I would not come again to you in heaviness." 264, "Sufficient to such a man is this punishment, which was inflicted of many." 305, "Then said they unto him, Lord, evermore give us this bread." 279, "Unto him be glory in the church by Christ Jesus throughout all ages, world without end. Amen." 384, "Say I these things as a man? or saith not the law the same also?" 272, "Neglect not the gift that is in thee, which was given thee by prophecy, with the laying on of the hands of the presbytery." 361, "And I myself also am persuaded of you, my brethren, that ye also are full of goodness, filled with all knowledge, able also to admonish one another." 248, "Jesus answered them, I told you, and ye believed not: the works that I do in my Father's name, they bear witness of me." 304, "The other disciples therefore said unto him, We have seen the Lord. But he said unto them, Except I shall see in his hands the print of the nails, and put my finger into the print of the nails, and thrust my hand into his side, I will not believe." 286, "And when he had thus spoken, the king rose up, and the governor, and Bernice, and they that sat with them:" 230, "Then cometh he to a city of Samaria, which is called Sychar, near to the parcel of ground that Jacob gave to his son Joseph." 275, "Who, when he came, and had seen the grace of God, was glad, and exhorted them all, that with purpose of heart they would cleave unto the Lord." 282, "There is neither Jew nor Greek, there is neither bond nor free, there is neither male nor female: for ye are all one in Christ Jesus." 397, "Wherefore, holy brethren, partakers of the heavenly calling, consider the Apostle and High Priest of our profession, Christ Jesus;" 346, "And led him away to Annas first; for he was father in law to Caiaphas, which was the high priest that same year." 200, "Your father Abraham rejoiced to see my day: and he saw it, and was glad." 318, "For the man is not of the woman; but the woman of the man." 124, "Wherefore I take you to record this day, that I am pure from the blood of all men." 326, "That is, They which are the children of the flesh, these are not the children of God: but the children of the promise are counted for the seed." 300, "Or, Who shall descend into the deep? (that is, to bring up Christ again from the dead.)" 326, "And thinkest thou this, O man, that judgest them which do such things, and doest the same, that thou shalt escape the judgment of God?" 321, "And the Jews also assented, saying that these things were so." 244, "And hath seen in a vision a man named Ananias coming in, and putting his hand on him, that he might receive his sight." 272, "And they are informed of thee, that thou teachest all the Jews which are among the Gentiles to forsake Moses, saying that they ought not to circumcise their children, neither to walk after the customs." 257, "Jesus answered them, and said, My doctrine is not mine, but his that sent me." 284, "Then many of the Jews which came to Mary, and had seen the things which Jesus did, believed on him." 279, "And it was at Jerusalem the feast of the dedication, and it was winter." 237, "Having therefore obtained help of God, I continue unto this day, witnessing both to small and great, saying none other things than those which the prophets and Moses did say should come:" 311, "For we are not as many, which corrupt the word of God: but as of sincerity, but as of God, in the sight of God speak we in Christ." 327, "And there sat a certain man at Lystra, impotent in his feet, being a cripple from his mother's womb, who never had walked:" 280, "Immediately therefore I sent to thee; and thou hast well done that thou art come. Now therefore are we all here present before God, to hear all things that are commanded thee of God." 260, "I speak as concerning reproach, as though we had been weak. Howbeit whereinsoever any is bold, (I speak foolishly,) I am bold also." 2160, "This witness is true. Wherefore rebuke them sharply, that they may be sound in the faith;" 345, "And Paul said, I would to God, that not only thou, but also all that hear me this day, were both almost, and altogether such as I am, except these bonds." 273, "Which thing I also did in Jerusalem: and many of the saints did I shut up in prison, having received authority from the chief priests; and when they were put to death, I gave my voice against them." 298, "Yet I supposed it necessary to send to you Epaphroditus, my brother, and companion in labour, and fellowsoldier, but your messenger, and he that ministered to my wants." 2920, "These were more noble than those in Thessalonica, in that they received the word with all readiness of mind, and searched the scriptures daily, whether those things were so." 295, "When Jesus therefore saw his mother, and the disciple standing by, whom he loved, he saith unto his mother, Woman, behold thy son!" 330, "Then Ananias answered, Lord, I have heard by many of this man, how much evil he hath done to thy saints at Jerusalem:" 269, "Jesus wept." 257000, "And when they had preached the word in Perga, they went down into Attalia:" 229, "Have all the gifts of healing? do all speak with tongues? do all interpret?" 297, "As concerning the gospel, they are enemies for your sakes: but as touching the election, they are beloved for the fathers' sakes." 299, "For the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus hath made me free from the law of sin and death." 333, "And, behold, immediately there were three men already come unto the house where I was, sent from Caesarea unto me." 234, "Set your affection on things above, not on things on the earth." 412, "And because the haven was not commodious to winter in, the more part advised to depart thence also, if by any means they might attain to Phenice, and there to winter; which is an haven of Crete, and lieth toward the south west and north west." 1740, "Being grieved that they taught the people, and preached through Jesus the resurrection from the dead." 263, "If the foot shall say, Because I am not the hand, I am not of the body; is it therefore not of the body?" 331, "And if some of the branches be broken off, and thou, being a wild olive tree, wert graffed in among them, and with them partakest of the root and fatness of the olive tree;" 3460, "Not to all the people, but unto witnesses chosen before of God, even to us, who did eat and drink with him after he rose from the dead." 221, "For though he was crucified through weakness, yet he liveth by the power of God. For we also are weak in him, but we shall live with him by the power of God toward you." 298, "And he gave her his hand, and lifted her up, and when he had called the saints and widows, presented her alive." 261, "But even after that we had suffered before, and were shamefully entreated, as ye know, at Philippi, we were bold in our God to speak unto you the gospel of God with much contention." 280, "And after he had spent some time there, he departed, and went over all the country of Galatia and Phrygia in order, strengthening all the disciples." 228, "And sounded, and found it twenty fathoms: and when they had gone a little further, they sounded again, and found it fifteen fathoms." 233, "For we can do nothing against the truth, but for the truth." 159, "Which was with the deputy of the country, Sergius Paulus, a prudent man; who called for Barnabas and Saul, and desired to hear the word of God." 263, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me hath everlasting life." 193, "And I thank Christ Jesus our Lord, who hath enabled me, for that he counted me faithful, putting me into the ministry;" 356, "That ye may approve things that are excellent; that ye may be sincere and without offence till the day of Christ;" 342, "Then returned they unto Jerusalem from the mount called Olivet, which is from Jerusalem a sabbath day's journey." 275, "But he, beckoning unto them with the hand to hold their peace, declared unto them how the Lord had brought him out of the prison. And he said, Go shew these things unto James, and to the brethren. And he departed, and went into another place." 208, "And if children, then heirs; heirs of God, and joint-heirs with Christ; if so be that we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified together." 326, "And he said unto them, Ye know how that it is an unlawful thing for a man that is a Jew to keep company, or come unto one of another nation; but God hath shewed me that I should not call any man common or unclean." 255, "And grieve not the holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of redemption." 390, "Because for the work of Christ he was nigh unto death, not regarding his life, to supply your lack of service toward me." 245, "For a testament is of force after men are dead: otherwise it is of no strength at all while the testator liveth." 347, "Also of your own selves shall men arise, speaking perverse things, to draw away disciples after them." 386, "Then the disciples looked one on another, doubting of whom he spake." 254, "And this spake he not of himself: but being high priest that year, he prophesied that Jesus should die for that nation;" 276, "Wherefore, if meat make my brother to offend, I will eat no flesh while the world standeth, lest I make my brother to offend." 335, "And by their prayer for you, which long after you for the exceeding grace of God in you." 274, "Servants, obey in all things your masters according to the flesh; not with eyeservice, as menpleasers; but in singleness of heart, fearing God:" 295, "Laying up in store for themselves a good foundation against the time to come, that they may lay hold on eternal life." 361, "I would they were even cut off which trouble you." 281, "Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you, and ordained you, that ye should go and bring forth fruit, and that your fruit should remain: that whatsoever ye shall ask of the Father in my name, he may give it you." 341, "God hath not cast away his people which he foreknew. Wot ye not what the scripture saith of Elias? how he maketh intercession to God against Israel, saying," 286, "For perhaps he therefore departed for a season, that thou shouldest receive him for ever;" 275, "This is a great mystery: but I speak concerning Christ and the church." 360, "Neither, because they are the seed of Abraham, are they all children: but, In Isaac shall thy seed be called." 338, "We are troubled on every side, yet not distressed; we are perplexed, but not in despair;" 372, "For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God. For it is written, He taketh the wise in their own craftiness." 328, "But let a man examine himself, and so let him eat of that bread, and drink of that cup." 369, "For I neither received it of man, neither was I taught it, but by the revelation of Jesus Christ." 390, "For the scripture saith, Whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed." 337, "When Jesus heard that, he said, This sickness is not unto death, but for the glory of God, that the Son of God might be glorified thereby." 306, "And these things, brethren, I have in a figure transferred to myself and to Apollos for your sakes; that ye might learn in us not to think of men above that which is written, that no one of you be puffed up for one against another." 254, "The sting of death is sin; and the strength of sin is the law." 332, "Holding the mystery of the faith in a pure conscience." 317, "Why askest thou me? ask them which heard me, what I have said unto them: behold, they know what I said." 263, "But now I go my way to him that sent me; and none of you asketh me, Whither goest thou?" 262, "And as many as walk according to this rule, peace be on them, and mercy, and upon the Israel of God." 341, "Not by works of righteousness which we have done, but according to his mercy he saved us, by the washing of regeneration, and renewing of the Holy Ghost;" 355, "Jesus saith unto her, Woman, believe me, the hour cometh, when ye shall neither in this mountain, nor yet at Jerusalem, worship the Father." 288, "The Father loveth the Son, and hath given all things into his hand." 220, "I have manifested thy name unto the men which thou gavest me out of the world: thine they were, and thou gavest them me; and they have kept thy word." 279, "And again he stooped down, and wrote on the ground." 338, "And they glorified God in me." 161, "And from thence we fetched a compass, and came to Rhegium: and after one day the south wind blew, and we came the next day to Puteoli:" 214, "And they stoned Stephen, calling upon God, and saying, Lord Jesus, receive my spirit." 287, "For this cause, when I could no longer forbear, I sent to know your faith, lest by some means the tempter have tempted you, and our labour be in vain." 286, "Thomas saith unto him, Lord, we know not whither thou goest; and how can we know the way?" 294, "Now when this was noised abroad, the multitude came together, and were confounded, because that every man heard them speak in his own language." 378, "And when they had fasted and prayed, and laid their hands on them, they sent them away." 248, "But if any man love God, the same is known of him." 129, "The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit, that we are the children of God:" 363, "It was that Mary which anointed the Lord with ointment, and wiped his feet with her hair, whose brother Lazarus was sick.)" 283, "And this is the condemnation, that light is come into the world, and men loved darkness rather than light, because their deeds were evil." 359, "Now Caiaphas was he, which gave counsel to the Jews, that it was expedient that one man should die for the people." 226, "And profited in the Jews' religion above many my equals in mine own nation, being more exceedingly zealous of the traditions of my fathers." 327, "Now when much time was spent, and when sailing was now dangerous, because the fast was now already past, Paul admonished them," 241, "And inasmuch as not without an oath he was made priest:" 297, "And he that searcheth the hearts knoweth what is the mind of the Spirit, because he maketh intercession for the saints according to the will of God." 322, "Then called he them in, and lodged them. And on the morrow Peter went away with them, and certain brethren from Joppa accompanied him." 219, "Then the Jews took up stones again to stone him." 269, "For there stood by me this night the angel of God, whose I am, and whom I serve," 253, "Be not deceived: evil communications corrupt good manners." 437, "And he gave him the covenant of circumcision: and so Abraham begat Isaac, and circumcised him the eighth day; and Isaac begat Jacob; and Jacob begat the twelve patriarchs." 228, "But God be thanked, that ye were the servants of sin, but ye have obeyed from the heart that form of doctrine which was delivered you." 344, "So when they were dismissed, they came to Antioch: and when they had gathered the multitude together, they delivered the epistle:" 268, "For he is the minister of God to thee for good. But if thou do that which is evil, be afraid; for he beareth not the sword in vain: for he is the minister of God, a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil." 322, "And some of them would have taken him; but no man laid hands on him." 235, "And he was three days without sight, and neither did eat nor drink." 250, "And they that have believing masters, let them not despise them, because they are brethren; but rather do them service, because they are faithful and beloved, partakers of the benefit. These things teach and exhort." 307, "But of the times and the seasons, brethren, ye have no need that I write unto you." 347, "And here men that die receive tithes; but there he receiveth them, of whom it is witnessed that he liveth." 283, "Now when they had passed through Amphipolis and Apollonia, they came to Thessalonica, where was a synagogue of the Jews:" 144, "Then he called for a light, and sprang in, and came trembling, and fell down before Paul and Silas," 281, "And yet if I judge, my judgment is true: for I am not alone, but I and the Father that sent me." 270, "If we have sown unto you spiritual things, is it a great thing if we shall reap your carnal things?" 309, "I am one that bear witness of myself, and the Father that sent me beareth witness of me." 279, "For it is impossible for those who were once enlightened, and have tasted of the heavenly gift, and were made partakers of the Holy Ghost," 352, "Which also said, Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye gazing up into heaven? this same Jesus, which is taken up from you into heaven, shall so come in like manner as ye have seen him go into heaven." 363, "And above all these things put on charity, which is the bond of perfectness." 315, "Meditate upon these things; give thyself wholly to them; that thy profiting may appear to all." 369, "For if we have been planted together in the likeness of his death, we shall be also in the likeness of his resurrection:" 405, "I will therefore that men pray every where, lifting up holy hands, without wrath and doubting." 336, "Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air: and so shall we ever be with the Lord." 378, "But he said, I am not mad, most noble Festus; but speak forth the words of truth and soberness." 229, "But not long after there arose against it a tempestuous wind, called Euroclydon." 2320, "And the angel of the Lord spake unto Philip, saying, Arise, and go toward the south unto the way that goeth down from Jerusalem unto Gaza, which is desert." 259, "At that day ye shall know that I am in my Father, and ye in me, and I in you." 284, "And Barnabas and Saul returned from Jerusalem, when they had fulfilled their ministry, and took with them John, whose surname was Mark." 225, "Behold, thou art called a Jew, and restest in the law, and makest thy boast of God," 251, "And his name through faith in his name hath made this man strong, whom ye see and know: yea, the faith which is by him hath given him this perfect soundness in the presence of you all." 329, "When Pilate therefore heard that saying, he was the more afraid;" 206, "And not that only, but who was also chosen of the churches to travel with us with this grace, which is administered by us to the glory of the same Lord, and declaration of your ready mind:" 234, "He therefore that ministereth to you the Spirit, and worketh miracles among you, doeth he it by the works of the law, or by the hearing of faith?" 3430, "And the servant abideth not in the house for ever: but the Son abideth ever." 261, "And one of them, named Caiaphas, being the high priest that same year, said unto them, Ye know nothing at all," 254, "And they that conducted Paul brought him unto Athens: and receiving a commandment unto Silas and Timotheus for to come to him with all speed, they departed." 225, "Whom I would have retained with me, that in thy stead he might have ministered unto me in the bonds of the gospel:" 273, "And whither I go ye know, and the way ye know." 320, "But the chief captain Lysias came upon us, and with great violence took him away out of our hands," 304, "For they that sleep sleep in the night; and they that be drunken are drunken in the night." 342, "For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh:" 380, "And the sea arose by reason of a great wind that blew." 233, "Follow after charity, and desire spiritual gifts, but rather that ye may prophesy." 260, "Then the twelve called the multitude of the disciples unto them, and said, It is not reason that we should leave the word of God, and serve tables." 354, "And it came to pass in those days, that she was sick, and died: whom when they had washed, they laid her in an upper chamber." 275, "Have we not power to lead about a sister, a wife, as well as other apostles, and as the brethren of the Lord, and Cephas?" 298, "I have planted, Apollos watered; but God gave the increase." 447, "Now ye are the body of Christ, and members in particular." 334, "They answered and said unto him, If he were not a malefactor, we would not have delivered him up unto thee." 214, "Crying out, Men of Israel, help: This is the man, that teacheth all men every where against the people, and the law, and this place: and further brought Greeks also into the temple, and hath polluted this holy place." 238, "Afterwards I came into the regions of Syria and Cilicia;" 314, "And God hath set some in the church, first apostles, secondarily prophets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles, then gifts of healings, helps, governments, diversities of tongues." 341, "For to this end Christ both died, and rose, and revived, that he might be Lord both of the dead and living." 321, "While Peter yet spake these words, the Holy Ghost fell on all them which heard the word." 362, "And it came to pass, that he tarried many days in Joppa with one Simon a tanner." 193, "Look not every man on his own things, but every man also on the things of others." 353, "For it is written in the book of Psalms, Let his habitation be desolate, and let no man dwell therein: and his bishoprick let another take." 295, "But had certain questions against him of their own superstition, and of one Jesus, which was dead, whom Paul affirmed to be alive." 237, "And while the day was coming on, Paul besought them all to take meat, saying, This day is the fourteenth day that ye have tarried and continued fasting, having taken nothing." 231, "And the passover, a feast of the Jews, was nigh." 257, "Of whom I have no certain thing to write unto my lord. Wherefore I have brought him forth before you, and specially before thee, O king Agrippa, that, after examination had, I might have somewhat to write." 201, "By whom we have received grace and apostleship, for obedience to the faith among all nations, for his name:" 273, "Therefore we ought to give the more earnest heed to the things which we have heard, lest at any time we should let them slip." 318, "Which are a shadow of things to come; but the body is of Christ." 228, "And the way of peace have they not known:" 282, "Jesus saith unto her, Touch me not; for I am not yet ascended to my Father: but go to my brethren, and say unto them, I ascend unto my Father, and your Father; and to my God, and your God." 350, "Or I only and Barnabas, have not we power to forbear working?" 225, "And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire, and it sat upon each of them." 421, "Therefore I endure all things for the elect's sakes, that they may also obtain the salvation which is in Christ Jesus with eternal glory." 291, "When they desired him to tarry longer time with them, he consented not;" 248, "Then after three years I went up to Jerusalem to see Peter, and abode with him fifteen days." 326, "Now this I say, brethren, that flesh and blood cannot inherit the kingdom of God; neither doth corruption inherit incorruption." 340, "Know ye not, that to whom ye yield yourselves servants to obey, his servants ye are to whom ye obey; whether of sin unto death, or of obedience unto righteousness?" 382, "But speak thou the things which become sound doctrine:" 432, "About whom, when I was at Jerusalem, the chief priests and the elders of the Jews informed me, desiring to have judgment against him." 234, "Let not him that eateth despise him that eateth not; and let not him which eateth not judge him that eateth: for God hath received him." 333, "Flee also youthful lusts: but follow righteousness, faith, charity, peace, with them that call on the Lord out of a pure heart." 317, "Let no man beguile you of your reward in a voluntary humility and worshipping of angels, intruding into those things which he hath not seen, vainly puffed up by his fleshly mind," 315, "But Esaias is very bold, and saith, I was found of them that sought me not; I was made manifest unto them that asked not after me." 310, "Some therefore cried one thing, and some another: for the assembly was confused; and the more part knew not wherefore they were come together." 242, "He that hateth me hateth my Father also." 648, "And Stephen, full of faith and power, did great wonders and miracles among the people." 322, "But I trust that ye shall know that we are not reprobates." 268, "Our fathers had the tabernacle of witness in the wilderness, as he had appointed, speaking unto Moses, that he should make it according to the fashion that he had seen." 230, "But ye have not so learned Christ;" 510, "But for us also, to whom it shall be imputed, if we believe on him that raised up Jesus our Lord from the dead;" 337, "In Damascus the governor under Aretas the king kept the city of the Damascenes with a garrison, desirous to apprehend me:" 2340, "Circumcised the eighth day, of the stock of Israel, of the tribe of Benjamin, an Hebrew of the Hebrews; as touching the law, a Pharisee;" 340, "By whom also we have access by faith into this grace wherein we stand, and rejoice in hope of the glory of God." 335, "I said therefore unto you, that ye shall die in your sins: for if ye believe not that I am he, ye shall die in your sins." 327, "For when the Gentiles, which have not the law, do by nature the things contained in the law, these, having not the law, are a law unto themselves:" 325, "That he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word," 322, "Let all things be done decently and in order." 644, "Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord, and in the power of his might." 89800, "Thou hast loved righteousness, and hated iniquity; therefore God, even thy God, hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy fellows." 371, "Now if the fall of them be the riches of the world, and the diminishing of them the riches of the Gentiles; how much more their fulness?" 296, "God is a Spirit: and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth." 374, "But evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving, and being deceived." 377, "And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again, and receive you unto myself; that where I am, there ye may be also." 384, "Who then is Paul, and who is Apollos, but ministers by whom ye believed, even as the Lord gave to every man?" 339, "And if Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin; but the Spirit is life because of righteousness." 262, "Him that is weak in the faith receive ye, but not to doubtful disputations." 312, "And it came to pass, that, when I was come again to Jerusalem, even while I prayed in the temple, I was in a trance;" 227, "If any man defile the temple of God, him shall God destroy; for the temple of God is holy, which temple ye are." 379, "Salute one another with an holy kiss. The churches of Christ salute you." 252, "Howbeit that was not first which is spiritual, but that which is natural; and afterward that which is spiritual." 327, "So then he that giveth her in marriage doeth well; but he that giveth her not in marriage doeth better." 229, "For now we live, if ye stand fast in the Lord." 282, "And have tasted the good word of God, and the powers of the world to come," 285, "But Peter, standing up with the eleven, lifted up his voice, and said unto them, Ye men of Judaea, and all ye that dwell at Jerusalem, be this known unto you, and hearken to my words:" 311, "Whose end is destruction, whose God is their belly, and whose glory is in their shame, who mind earthly things.)" 328, "And now, brethren, I commend you to God, and to the word of his grace, which is able to build you up, and to give you an inheritance among all them which are sanctified." 297, "And to our beloved Apphia, and Archippus our fellowsoldier, and to the church in thy house:" 2560, "And ye have not his word abiding in you: for whom he hath sent, him ye believe not." 234, "That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of things in heaven, and things in earth, and things under the earth;" 362, "So we, being many, are one body in Christ, and every one members one of another." 334, "For what have I to do to judge them also that are without? do not ye judge them that are within?" 360, "For he mightily convinced the Jews, and that publickly, shewing by the scriptures that Jesus was Christ." 282, "And that he might make known the riches of his glory on the vessels of mercy, which he had afore prepared unto glory," 295, "But I would have you without carefulness. He that is unmarried careth for the things that belong to the Lord, how he may please the Lord:" 285, "After these things Jesus went over the sea of Galilee, which is the sea of Tiberias." 219, "Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will shew you things to come." 372, "Let a man so account of us, as of the ministers of Christ, and stewards of the mysteries of God." 315, "I have confidence in you through the Lord, that ye will be none otherwise minded: but he that troubleth you shall bear his judgment, whosoever he be." 241, "That the residue of men might seek after the Lord, and all the Gentiles, upon whom my name is called, saith the Lord, who doeth all these things." 337, "Then they willingly received him into the ship: and immediately the ship was at the land whither they went." 234, "And there arose a great cry: and the scribes that were of the Pharisees' part arose, and strove, saying, We find no evil in this man: but if a spirit or an angel hath spoken to him, let us not fight against God." 263, "Now there was set a vessel full of vinegar: and they filled a spunge with vinegar, and put it upon hyssop, and put it to his mouth." 282, "For the love of Christ constraineth us; because we thus judge, that if one died for all, then were all dead:" 340, "He that eateth my flesh, and drinketh my blood, dwelleth in me, and I in him." 369, "Or despisest thou the riches of his goodness and forbearance and longsuffering; not knowing that the goodness of God leadeth thee to repentance?" 319, "And they spake unto him the word of the Lord, and to all that were in his house." 134, "And whatsoever ye do, do it heartily, as to the Lord, and not unto men;" 332, "Where is then the blessedness ye spake of? for I bear you record, that, if it had been possible, ye would have plucked out your own eyes, and have given them to me." 281, "That the aged men be sober, grave, temperate, sound in faith, in charity, in patience." 324, "Because he hath appointed a day, in the which he will judge the world in righteousness by that man whom he hath ordained; whereof he hath given assurance unto all men, in that he hath raised him from the dead." 341, "Wherefore when we could no longer forbear, we thought it good to be left at Athens alone;" 266, "If any man will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself." 335, "So he sent into Macedonia two of them that ministered unto him, Timotheus and Erastus; but he himself stayed in Asia for a season." 183, "But I know you, that ye have not the love of God in you." 114, "Therefore let us not sleep, as do others; but let us watch and be sober." 357, "For the priesthood being changed, there is made of necessity a change also of the law." 314, "But now are they many members, yet but one body." 343, "And he spake boldly in the name of the Lord Jesus, and disputed against the Grecians: but they went about to slay him." 229, "But when I saw that they walked not uprightly according to the truth of the gospel, I said unto Peter before them all, If thou, being a Jew, livest after the manner of Gentiles, and not as do the Jews, why compellest thou the Gentiles to live as do the Jews?" 305, "Now the God of patience and consolation grant you to be likeminded one toward another according to Christ Jesus:" 301, "Lest haply if they of Macedonia come with me, and find you unprepared, we (that we say not, ye) should be ashamed in this same confident boasting." 249, "But the Jews which believed not, moved with envy, took unto them certain lewd fellows of the baser sort, and gathered a company, and set all the city on an uproar, and assaulted the house of Jason, and sought to bring them out to the people." 277, "For David is not ascended into the heavens: but he saith himself, The LORD said unto my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand," 292, "Wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands, as unto the Lord." 336, "For if the woman be not covered, let her also be shorn: but if it be a shame for a woman to be shorn or shaven, let her be covered." 334, "If any man think himself to be a prophet, or spiritual, let him acknowledge that the things that I write unto you are the commandments of the Lord." 332, "Jesus saith unto him, If I will that he tarry till I come, what is that to thee? follow thou me." 272, "And when the angel which spake unto Cornelius was departed, he called two of his household servants, and a devout soldier of them that waited on him continually;" 226, "Whereunto he called you by our gospel, to the obtaining of the glory of our Lord Jesus Christ." 324, "And when they had fulfilled all that was written of him, they took him down from the tree, and laid him in a sepulchre." 286, "For I would that ye knew what great conflict I have for you, and for them at Laodicea, and for as many as have not seen my face in the flesh;" 243, "Then answered them the Pharisees, Are ye also deceived?" 364, "Jesus answered, My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews: but now is my kingdom not from hence." 395, "How God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with the Holy Ghost and with power: who went about doing good, and healing all that were oppressed of the devil; for God was with him." 350, "If so be that being clothed we shall not be found naked." 343, "Now ye are clean through the word which I have spoken unto you." 339, "But if any man think that he behaveth himself uncomely toward his virgin, if she pass the flower of her age, and need so require, let him do what he will, he sinneth not: let them marry." 2740, "Not boasting of things without our measure, that is, of other men's labours; but having hope, when your faith is increased, that we shall be enlarged by you according to our rule abundantly," 246, "To whom ye forgive any thing, I forgive also: for if I forgave any thing, to whom I forgave it, for your sakes forgave I it in the person of Christ;" 330, "And there was great joy in that city." 367, "For even Christ pleased not himself; but, as it is written, The reproaches of them that reproached thee fell on me." 307, "Nor yet that he should offer himself often, as the high priest entereth into the holy place every year with blood of others;" 335, "But I would ye should understand, brethren, that the things which happened unto me have fallen out rather unto the furtherance of the gospel;" 274, "So that not only this our craft is in danger to be set at nought; but also that the temple of the great goddess Diana should be despised, and her magnificence should be destroyed, whom all Asia and the world worshippeth." 253, "Now as touching things offered unto idols, we know that we all have knowledge. Knowledge puffeth up, but charity edifieth." 2590, "But he who was of the bondwoman was born after the flesh; but he of the freewoman was by promise." 327, "For verily he took not on him the nature of angels; but he took on him the seed of Abraham." 374, "Let us therefore, as many as be perfect, be thus minded: and if in any thing ye be otherwise minded, God shall reveal even this unto you." 324, "God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets," 366, "Looking for that blessed hope, and the glorious appearing of the great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ;" 321, "Who knowing the judgment of God, that they which commit such things are worthy of death, not only do the same, but have pleasure in them that do them." 342, "But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith," 396, "In the body of his flesh through death, to present you holy and unblameable and unreproveable in his sight:" 330, "This is a faithful saying, and worthy of all acceptation, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners; of whom I am chief." 331, "For the kingdom of God is not in word, but in power." 187, "For the Sadducees say that there is no resurrection, neither angel, nor spirit: but the Pharisees confess both." 265, "For I know the forwardness of your mind, for which I boast of you to them of Macedonia, that Achaia was ready a year ago; and your zeal hath provoked very many." 282, "Brethren, be followers together of me, and mark them which walk so as ye have us for an ensample." 324, "We having the same spirit of faith, according as it is written, I believed, and therefore have I spoken; we also believe, and therefore speak;" 371, "Therefore as by the offence of one judgment came upon all men to condemnation; even so by the righteousness of one the free gift came upon all men unto justification of life." 353, "Now the Spirit speaketh expressly, that in the latter times some shall depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits, and doctrines of devils;" 388, "Now I praise you, brethren, that ye remember me in all things, and keep the ordinances, as I delivered them to you." 317, "Who was faithful to him that appointed him, as also Moses was faithful in all his house." 303, "For for this cause pay ye tribute also: for they are God's ministers, attending continually upon this very thing." 349, "The Jews therefore said unto him that was cured, It is the sabbath day: it is not lawful for thee to carry thy bed." 234, "And now, behold, the hand of the Lord is upon thee, and thou shalt be blind, not seeing the sun for a season. And immediately there fell on him a mist and a darkness; and he went about seeking some to lead him by the hand." 287, "Then from that day forth they took counsel together for to put him to death." 257, "Then cried they all again, saying, Not this man, but Barabbas. Now Barabbas was a robber." 262, "For from you sounded out the word of the Lord not only in Macedonia and Achaia, but also in every place your faith to God-ward is spread abroad; so that we need not to speak any thing." 327, "And I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto me." 355, "For this Melchisedec, king of Salem, priest of the most high God, who met Abraham returning from the slaughter of the kings, and blessed him;" 329, "That ye put off concerning the former conversation the old man, which is corrupt according to the deceitful lusts;" 373, "Jesus said, Take ye away the stone. Martha, the sister of him that was dead, saith unto him, Lord, by this time he stinketh: for he hath been dead four days." 283, "But now I go unto Jerusalem to minister unto the saints." 216, "And the very God of peace sanctify you wholly; and I pray God your whole spirit and soul and body be preserved blameless unto the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ." 338, "Then Jesus six days before the passover came to Bethany, where Lazarus was which had been dead, whom he raised from the dead." 220, "Who hath delivered us from the power of darkness, and hath translated us into the kingdom of his dear Son:" 381, "For Christ sent me not to baptize, but to preach the gospel: not with wisdom of words, lest the cross of Christ should be made of none effect." 297, "But Jesus answered them, My Father worketh hitherto, and I work." 262, "King Agrippa, believest thou the prophets? I know that thou believest." 390, "That the name of our Lord Jesus Christ may be glorified in you, and ye in him, according to the grace of our God and the Lord Jesus Christ." 320, "In like manner also, that women adorn themselves in modest apparel, with shamefacedness and sobriety; not with broided hair, or gold, or pearls, or costly array;" 39800, "But Peter put them all forth, and kneeled down, and prayed; and turning him to the body said, Tabitha, arise. And she opened her eyes: and when she saw Peter, she sat up." 292, "They answered and said unto him, Art thou also of Galilee? Search, and look: for out of Galilee ariseth no prophet." 255, "And when they heard of the resurrection of the dead, some mocked: and others said, We will hear thee again of this matter." 296, "Now these things were our examples, to the intent we should not lust after evil things, as they also lusted." 294, "And this I pray, that your love may abound yet more and more in knowledge and in all judgment;" 319, "Hath not the potter power over the clay, of the same lump to make one vessel unto honour, and another unto dishonour?" 352, "Now Jesus loved Martha, and her sister, and Lazarus." 243, "And to whom sware he that they should not enter into his rest, but to them that believed not?" 350, "And entering into a ship of Adramyttium, we launched, meaning to sail by the coasts of Asia; one Aristarchus, a Macedonian of Thessalonica, being with us." 1860, "And what agreement hath the temple of God with idols? for ye are the temple of the living God; as God hath said, I will dwell in them, and walk in them; and I will be their God, and they shall be my people." 362, "And Paul after this tarried there yet a good while, and then took his leave of the brethren, and sailed thence into Syria, and with him Priscilla and Aquila; having shorn his head in Cenchrea: for he had a vow." 256, "Therefore let no man glory in men. For all things are yours;" 245, "Even so must their wives be grave, not slanderers, sober, faithful in all things." 343, "And they said, Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved, and thy house." 368, "And when he had said this, he breathed on them, and saith unto them, Receive ye the Holy Ghost:" 313, "The former treatise have I made, O Theophilus, of all that Jesus began both to do and teach," 165, "But as God is true, our word toward you was not yea and nay." 277, "But when the Comforter is come, whom I will send unto you from the Father, even the Spirit of truth, which proceedeth from the Father, he shall testify of me:" 327, "Be ye not unequally yoked together with unbelievers: for what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness? and what communion hath light with darkness?" 397, "But these things have I told you, that when the time shall come, ye may remember that I told you of them. And these things I said not unto you at the beginning, because I was with you." 258, "Ye are the children of the prophets, and of the covenant which God made with our fathers, saying unto Abraham, And in thy seed shall all the kindreds of the earth be blessed." 338, "Therefore if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature: old things are passed away; behold, all things are become new." 462, "If he called them gods, unto whom the word of God came, and the scripture cannot be broken;" 312, "But sin, taking occasion by the commandment, wrought in me all manner of concupiscence. For without the law sin was dead." 302, "Jesus answered them, Do ye now believe?" 428, "The Pharisees heard that the people murmured such things concerning him; and the Pharisees and the chief priests sent officers to take him." 232, "For unto us was the gospel preached, as well as unto them: but the word preached did not profit them, not being mixed with faith in them that heard it." 369, "Martha saith unto him, I know that he shall rise again in the resurrection at the last day." 304, "And as he was now going down, his servants met him, and told him, saying, Thy son liveth." 273, "For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh; but they that are after the Spirit the things of the Spirit." 302, "These words spake his parents, because they feared the Jews: for the Jews had agreed already, that if any man did confess that he was Christ, he should be put out of the synagogue." 261, "But he is a Jew, which is one inwardly; and circumcision is that of the heart, in the spirit, and not in the letter; whose praise is not of men, but of God." 352, "Now the Lord is that Spirit: and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty." 333, "So there was a division among the people because of him." 210, "On the morrow, because he would have known the certainty wherefore he was accused of the Jews, he loosed him from his bands, and commanded the chief priests and all their council to appear, and brought Paul down, and set him before them." 196, "For if he were on earth, he should not be a priest, seeing that there are priests that offer gifts according to the law:" 347, "For John truly baptized with water; but ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost not many days hence." 366, "And when we heard these things, both we, and they of that place, besought him not to go up to Jerusalem." 274, "But Paul thought not good to take him with them, who departed from them from Pamphylia, and went not with them to the work." 226, "Be not thou therefore ashamed of the testimony of our Lord, nor of me his prisoner: but be thou partaker of the afflictions of the gospel according to the power of God;" 334, "And he said, The God of our fathers hath chosen thee, that thou shouldest know his will, and see that Just One, and shouldest hear the voice of his mouth." 287, "An instructor of the foolish, a teacher of babes, which hast the form of knowledge and of the truth in the law." 261, "And as concerning that he raised him up from the dead, now no more to return to corruption, he said on this wise, I will give you the sure mercies of David." 285, "But ye denied the Holy One and the Just, and desired a murderer to be granted unto you;" 336, "Now Jesus knew that they were desirous to ask him, and said unto them, Do ye enquire among yourselves of that I said, A little while, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little while, and ye shall see me?" 228, "In whom we have boldness and access with confidence by the faith of him." 308, "Then said Agrippa unto Festus, This man might have been set at liberty, if he had not appealed unto Caesar." 245, "And it was about the space of three hours after, when his wife, not knowing what was done, came in." 288, "But when the Jews of Thessalonica had knowledge that the word of God was preached of Paul at Berea, they came thither also, and stirred up the people." 237, "For some are already turned aside after Satan." 524, "Salute Prisca and Aquila, and the household of Onesiphorus." 427, "Howbeit Jesus spake of his death: but they thought that he had spoken of taking of rest in sleep." 284, "To whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles; which is Christ in you, the hope of glory:" 327, "After that, he was seen of above five hundred brethren at once; of whom the greater part remain unto this present, but some are fallen asleep." 317, "If any man teach otherwise, and consent not to wholesome words, even the words of our Lord Jesus Christ, and to the doctrine which is according to godliness;" 362, "But if any provide not for his own, and specially for those of his own house, he hath denied the faith, and is worse than an infidel." 295, "In hope of eternal life, which God, that cannot lie, promised before the world began;" 237, "At that day ye shall ask in my name: and I say not unto you, that I will pray the Father for you:" 257, "For the preaching of the cross is to them that perish foolishness; but unto us which are saved it is the power of God." 301, "Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ." 149, "John answered and said, A man can receive nothing, except it be given him from heaven." 264, "Now then it is no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me." 357, "Then answered Simon, and said, Pray ye to the Lord for me, that none of these things which ye have spoken come upon me." 282, "And walk in love, as Christ also hath loved us, and hath given himself for us an offering and a sacrifice to God for a sweetsmelling savour." 306, "And your feet shod with the preparation of the gospel of peace;" 371, "Knowing this, that our old man is crucified with him, that the body of sin might be destroyed, that henceforth we should not serve sin." 403, "They answered him, We be Abraham's seed, and were never in bondage to any man: how sayest thou, Ye shall be made free?" 318, "Then delivered he him therefore unto them to be crucified. And they took Jesus, and led him away." 300, "And when I would have known the cause wherefore they accused him, I brought him forth into their council:" 196, "Our fathers did eat manna in the desert; as it is written, He gave them bread from heaven to eat." 266, "In the same quarters were possessions of the chief man of the island, whose name was Publius; who received us, and lodged us three days courteously." 261, "Believe me that I am in the Father, and the Father in me: or else believe me for the very works' sake." 283, "For even in Thessalonica ye sent once and again unto my necessity." 337, "For he hath made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him." 370, "I beseech Euodias, and beseech Syntyche, that they be of the same mind in the Lord." 280, "The Jews then which were with her in the house, and comforted her, when they saw Mary, that she rose up hastily and went out, followed her, saying, She goeth unto the grave to weep there." 233, "Now this man purchased a field with the reward of iniquity; and falling headlong, he burst asunder in the midst, and all his bowels gushed out." 285, "And are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner stone;" 355, "That ye abstain from meats offered to idols, and from blood, and from things strangled, and from fornication: from which if ye keep yourselves, ye shall do well. Fare ye well." 282, "The man departed, and told the Jews that it was Jesus, which had made him whole." 252, "And he stooping down, and looking in, saw the linen clothes lying; yet went he not in." 241, "God forbid. How shall we, that are dead to sin, live any longer therein?" 357, "Let us therefore fear, lest, a promise being left us of entering into his rest, any of you should seem to come short of it." 321, "I marvel that ye are so soon removed from him that called you into the grace of Christ unto another gospel:" 383, "But when I found that he had committed nothing worthy of death, and that he himself hath appealed to Augustus, I have determined to send him." 203, "Till another king arose, which knew not Joseph." 341, "For so hath the Lord commanded us, saying, I have set thee to be a light of the Gentiles, that thou shouldest be for salvation unto the ends of the earth." 333, "But meat commendeth us not to God: for neither, if we eat, are we the better; neither, if we eat not, are we the worse." 309, "Which also our fathers that came after brought in with Jesus into the possession of the Gentiles, whom God drave out before the face of our fathers, unto the days of David;" 224, "For this corruptible must put on incorruption, and this mortal must put on immortality." 383, "Cease not to give thanks for you, making mention of you in my prayers;" 298, "Do thy diligence to come before winter. Eubulus greeteth thee, and Pudens, and Linus, and Claudia, and all the brethren." 2770, "Jesus answered, Thou couldest have no power at all against me, except it were given thee from above: therefore he that delivered me unto thee hath the greater sin." 284, "If this man were not of God, he could do nothing." 184, "For if the inheritance be of the law, it is no more of promise: but God gave it to Abraham by promise." 307, "Then she runneth, and cometh to Simon Peter, and to the other disciple, whom Jesus loved, and saith unto them, They have taken away the Lord out of the sepulchre, and we know not where they have laid him." 247, "And when the seven days were almost ended, the Jews which were of Asia, when they saw him in the temple, stirred up all the people, and laid hands on him," 208, "And the young men arose, wound him up, and carried him out, and buried him." 305, "For if any man see thee which hast knowledge sit at meat in the idol's temple, shall not the conscience of him which is weak be emboldened to eat those things which are offered to idols;" 338, "For if the firstfruit be holy, the lump is also holy: and if the root be holy, so are the branches." 302, "Would to God ye could bear with me a little in my folly: and indeed bear with me." 275, "And if any man hunger, let him eat at home; that ye come not together unto condemnation. And the rest will I set in order when I come." 268, "And the other Jews dissembled likewise with him; insomuch that Barnabas also was carried away with their dissimulation." 326, "To another faith by the same Spirit; to another the gifts of healing by the same Spirit;" 188, "For all the promises of God in him are yea, and in him Amen, unto the glory of God by us." 355, "Whereupon, O king Agrippa, I was not disobedient unto the heavenly vision:" 292, "I pray for them: I pray not for the world, but for them which thou hast given me; for they are thine." 267, "I have seen, I have seen the affliction of my people which is in Egypt, and I have heard their groaning, and am come down to deliver them. And now come, I will send thee into Egypt." 202, "For what is it wherein ye were inferior to other churches, except it be that I myself was not burdensome to you? forgive me this wrong." 213, "And there they preached the gospel." 74, "Jesus answered them, Is it not written in your law, I said, Ye are gods?" 326, "Therefore, as ye abound in every thing, in faith, and utterance, and knowledge, and in all diligence, and in your love to us, see that ye abound in this grace also." 304, "I commend unto you Phebe our sister, which is a servant of the church which is at Cenchrea:" 253, "He that descended is the same also that ascended up far above all heavens, that he might fill all things.)" 317, "In the law it is written, With men of other tongues and other lips will I speak unto this people; and yet for all that will they not hear me, saith the Lord." 289, "To the end he may stablish your hearts unblameable in holiness before God, even our Father, at the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ with all his saints." 308, "Sanctify them through thy truth: thy word is truth." 639, "But thanks be to God, which giveth us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ." 359, "A bishop then must be blameless, the husband of one wife, vigilant, sober, of good behaviour, given to hospitality, apt to teach;" 347, "I think myself happy, king Agrippa, because I shall answer for myself this day before thee touching all the things whereof I am accused of the Jews:" 262, "Judge in yourselves: is it comely that a woman pray unto God uncovered?" 346, "For God is my witness, whom I serve with my spirit in the gospel of his Son, that without ceasing I make mention of you always in my prayers;" 277, "For this is the will of God, even your sanctification, that ye should abstain from fornication:" 303, "Hearing of thy love and faith, which thou hast toward the Lord Jesus, and toward all saints;" 269, "Then Paul answered, What mean ye to weep and to break mine heart? for I am ready not to be bound only, but also to die at Jerusalem for the name of the Lord Jesus." 282, "I knew a man in Christ above fourteen years ago, (whether in the body, I cannot tell; or whether out of the body, I cannot tell: God knoweth;) such an one caught up to the third heaven." 27200, "When Pilate therefore heard that saying, he brought Jesus forth, and sat down in the judgment seat in a place that is called the Pavement, but in the Hebrew, Gabbatha." 261, "Let every one of us please his neighbour for his good to edification." 330, "On the morrow, as they went on their journey, and drew nigh unto the city, Peter went up upon the housetop to pray about the sixth hour:" 268, "Then the soldiers, as it was commanded them, took Paul, and brought him by night to Antipatris." 188, "And the whole city was filled with confusion: and having caught Gaius and Aristarchus, men of Macedonia, Paul's companions in travel, they rushed with one accord into the theatre." 251, "Who needeth not daily, as those high priests, to offer up sacrifice, first for his own sins, and then for the people's: for this he did once, when he offered up himself." 361, "Yea, so have I strived to preach the gospel, not where Christ was named, lest I should build upon another man's foundation:" 273, "And when I was present with you, and wanted, I was chargeable to no man: for that which was lacking to me the brethren which came from Macedonia supplied: and in all things I have kept myself from being burdensome unto you, and so will I keep myself." 233, "For thou bringest certain strange things to our ears: we would know therefore what these things mean." 274, "If it be possible, as much as lieth in you, live peaceably with all men." 364, "Neither is worshipped with men's hands, as though he needed any thing, seeing he giveth to all life, and breath, and all things;" 344, "For Demas hath forsaken me, having loved this present world, and is departed unto Thessalonica; Crescens to Galatia, Titus unto Dalmatia." 311, "That by two immutable things, in which it was impossible for God to lie, we might have a strong consolation, who have fled for refuge to lay hold upon the hope set before us:" 329, "And in these days came prophets from Jerusalem unto Antioch." 456, "Take heed therefore unto yourselves, and to all the flock, over the which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the church of God, which he hath purchased with his own blood." 339, "Let no man seek his own, but every man another's wealth." 312, "Now when we had discovered Cyprus, we left it on the left hand, and sailed into Syria, and landed at Tyre: for there the ship was to unlade her burden." 180, "Ye have heard how I said unto you, I go away, and come again unto you. If ye loved me, ye would rejoice, because I said, I go unto the Father: for my Father is greater than I." 284, "Brethren, be not children in understanding: howbeit in malice be ye children, but in understanding be men." 292, "Nevertheless among the chief rulers also many believed on him; but because of the Pharisees they did not confess him, lest they should be put out of the synagogue:" 295, "For the mystery of iniquity doth already work: only he who now letteth will let, until he be taken out of the way." 396, "To whom our fathers would not obey, but thrust him from them, and in their hearts turned back again into Egypt," 244, "We are bound to thank God always for you, brethren, as it is meet, because that your faith groweth exceedingly, and the charity of every one of you all toward each other aboundeth;" 313, "And this he said to prove him: for he himself knew what he would do." 115, "When the chief priests therefore and officers saw him, they cried out, saying, Crucify him, crucify him. Pilate saith unto them, Take ye him, and crucify him: for I find no fault in him." 265, "For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord." 362, "Neither pray I for these alone, but for them also which shall believe on me through their word;" 390, "Among whom also we all had our conversation in times past in the lusts of our flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind; and were by nature the children of wrath, even as others." 333, "Let us therefore follow after the things which make for peace, and things wherewith one may edify another." 381, "But now the righteousness of God without the law is manifested, being witnessed by the law and the prophets;" 336, "But every man in his own order: Christ the firstfruits; afterward they that are Christ's at his coming." 362, "Likewise also the good works of some are manifest beforehand; and they that are otherwise cannot be hid." 264, "But I will come to you shortly, if the Lord will, and will know, not the speech of them which are puffed up, but the power." 260, "For ye know what commandments we gave you by the Lord Jesus." 302, "It is also written in your law, that the testimony of two men is true." 290, "That is, that I may be comforted together with you by the mutual faith both of you and me." 247, "For we have great joy and consolation in thy love, because the bowels of the saints are refreshed by thee, brother." 273, "For the bread of God is he which cometh down from heaven, and giveth life unto the world." 303, "But covet earnestly the best gifts: and yet shew I unto you a more excellent way." 325, "All my state shall Tychicus declare unto you, who is a beloved brother, and a faithful minister and fellowservant in the Lord:" 253, "Especially because I know thee to be expert in all customs and questions which are among the Jews: wherefore I beseech thee to hear me patiently." 239, "Then those men, when they had seen the miracle that Jesus did, said, This is of a truth that prophet that should come into the world." 273, "For I would not, brethren, that ye should be ignorant of this mystery, lest ye should be wise in your own conceits; that blindness in part is happened to Israel, until the fulness of the Gentiles be come in." 297, "So then death worketh in us, but life in you." 590, "For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us." 327, "How was it then reckoned? when he was in circumcision, or in uncircumcision? Not in circumcision, but in uncircumcision." 301, "Now it was not written for his sake alone, that it was imputed to him;" 270, "For though ye have ten thousand instructors in Christ, yet have ye not many fathers: for in Christ Jesus I have begotten you through the gospel." 296, "And the multitude rose up together against them: and the magistrates rent off their clothes, and commanded to beat them." 235, "He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God." 407, "But he that did his neighbour wrong thrust him away, saying, Who made thee a ruler and a judge over us?" 194, "I would that ye all spake with tongues, but rather that ye prophesied: for greater is he that prophesieth than he that speaketh with tongues, except he interpret, that the church may receive edifying." 306, "And they made a calf in those days, and offered sacrifice unto the idol, and rejoiced in the works of their own hands." 229, "Then Paul took the men, and the next day purifying himself with them entered into the temple, to signify the accomplishment of the days of purification, until that an offering should be offered for every one of them." 281, "And when there had been much disputing, Peter rose up, and said unto them, Men and brethren, ye know how that a good while ago God made choice among us, that the Gentiles by my mouth should hear the word of the gospel, and believe." 313, "And, ye fathers, provoke not your children to wrath: but bring them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord." 331, "Who in the days of his flesh, when he had offered up prayers and supplications with strong crying and tears unto him that was able to save him from death, and was heard in that he feared;" 320, "Now he which stablisheth us with you in Christ, and hath anointed us, is God;" 333, "Saying, Fear not, Paul; thou must be brought before Caesar: and, lo, God hath given thee all them that sail with thee." 277, "But refuse profane and old wives' fables, and exercise thyself rather unto godliness." 305, "And they that stood by said, Revilest thou God's high priest?" 1950, "And now I have told you before it come to pass, that, when it is come to pass, ye might believe." 279, "Thou wilt say then, The branches were broken off, that I might be graffed in." 317, "Then said the Jews unto him, Thou art not yet fifty years old, and hast thou seen Abraham?" 282, "And as they spake unto the people, the priests, and the captain of the temple, and the Sadducees, came upon them," 244, "What if God, willing to shew his wrath, and to make his power known, endured with much longsuffering the vessels of wrath fitted to destruction:" 327, "And Saul was consenting unto his death. And at that time there was a great persecution against the church which was at Jerusalem; and they were all scattered abroad throughout the regions of Judaea and Samaria, except the apostles." 227, "And I have declared unto them thy name, and will declare it: that the love wherewith thou hast loved me may be in them, and I in them." 316, "But after that the kindness and love of God our Saviour toward man appeared," 336, "For God is my record, how greatly I long after you all in the bowels of Jesus Christ." 257, "Then Simon Peter having a sword drew it, and smote the high priest's servant, and cut off his right ear. The servant's name was Malchus." 287, "It hath pleased them verily; and their debtors they are. For if the Gentiles have been made partakers of their spiritual things, their duty is also to minister unto them in carnal things." 237, "And he went through Syria and Cilicia, confirming the churches." 367, "Let the woman learn in silence with all subjection." 393, "And to esteem them very highly in love for their work's sake. And be at peace among yourselves." 317, "But ye believe not, because ye are not of my sheep, as I said unto you." 310, "Be ye angry, and sin not: let not the sun go down upon your wrath:" 323, "Parthians, and Medes, and Elamites, and the dwellers in Mesopotamia, and in Judaea, and Cappadocia, in Pontus, and Asia," 297, "Whither the forerunner is for us entered, even Jesus, made an high priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec." 322, "Howbeit the most High dwelleth not in temples made with hands; as saith the prophet," 309, "But when they came to Jesus, and saw that he was dead already, they brake not his legs:" 342, "Ye call me Master and Lord: and ye say well; for so I am." 346, "Honour thy father and mother; (which is the first commandment with promise;)" 328, "Through mighty signs and wonders, by the power of the Spirit of God; so that from Jerusalem, and round about unto Illyricum, I have fully preached the gospel of Christ." 273, "And all that believed were together, and had all things common;" 345, "And the Lord make you to increase and abound in love one toward another, and toward all men, even as we do toward you:" 281, "Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy, and find grace to help in time of need." 432, "But I trust in the Lord Jesus to send Timotheus shortly unto you, that I also may be of good comfort, when I know your state." 234, "This man was taken of the Jews, and should have been killed of them: then came I with an army, and rescued him, having understood that he was a Roman." 209, "But their laying await was known of Saul. And they watched the gates day and night to kill him." 213, "And for their sakes I sanctify myself, that they also might be sanctified through the truth." 348, "Despise not prophesyings." 4750, "And when the Jews were gone out of the synagogue, the Gentiles besought that these words might be preached to them the next sabbath." 313, "Others mocking said, These men are full of new wine." 408, "For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them." 397, "Wherein in time past ye walked according to the course of this world, according to the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now worketh in the children of disobedience:" 335, "And there sat in a window a certain young man named Eutychus, being fallen into a deep sleep: and as Paul was long preaching, he sunk down with sleep, and fell down from the third loft, and was taken up dead." 245, "Then the high priest rose up, and all they that were with him, (which is the sect of the Sadducees,) and were filled with indignation," 210, "For who hath known the mind of the Lord? or who hath been his counsellor?" 382, "For which I am an ambassador in bonds: that therein I may speak boldly, as I ought to speak." 306, "And I persecuted this way unto the death, binding and delivering into prisons both men and women." 276, "As soon as she heard that, she arose quickly, and came unto him." 242, "For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and Godhead; so that they are without excuse:" 368, "But now ye also put off all these; anger, wrath, malice, blasphemy, filthy communication out of your mouth." 330, "And went again into the judgment hall, and saith unto Jesus, Whence art thou? But Jesus gave him no answer." 231, "They shall put you out of the synagogues: yea, the time cometh, that whosoever killeth you will think that he doeth God service." 317, "Sorrowing most of all for the words which he spake, that they should see his face no more. And they accompanied him unto the ship." 215, "As thou hast given him power over all flesh, that he should give eternal life to as many as thou hast given him." 273, "In meekness instructing those that oppose themselves; if God peradventure will give them repentance to the acknowledging of the truth;" 357, "But we will give ourselves continually to prayer, and to the ministry of the word." 303, "And if any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." 262, "And as John fulfilled his course, he said, Whom think ye that I am? I am not he. But, behold, there cometh one after me, whose shoes of his feet I am not worthy to loose." 234, "But the Lord is faithful, who shall stablish you, and keep you from evil." 356, "And said unto them, Ye men of Israel, take heed to yourselves what ye intend to do as touching these men." 269, "As ye have therefore received Christ Jesus the Lord, so walk ye in him:" 382, "Then Jesus said unto them, My time is not yet come: but your time is alway ready." 252, "The same dealt subtilly with our kindred, and evil entreated our fathers, so that they cast out their young children, to the end they might not live." 186, "And there stood up one of them named Agabus, and signified by the Spirit that there should be great dearth throughout all the world: which came to pass in the days of Claudius Caesar." 267, "For the earth which drinketh in the rain that cometh oft upon it, and bringeth forth herbs meet for them by whom it is dressed, receiveth blessing from God:" 250, "Walk in wisdom toward them that are without, redeeming the time." 296, "What is it therefore? the multitude must needs come together: for they will hear that thou art come." 246, "Repent therefore of this thy wickedness, and pray God, if perhaps the thought of thine heart may be forgiven thee." 341, "And when he had declared all these things unto them, he sent them to Joppa." 218, "But I certify you, brethren, that the gospel which was preached of me is not after man." 383, "As concerning therefore the eating of those things that are offered in sacrifice unto idols, we know that an idol is nothing in the world, and that there is none other God but one." 324, "I must work the works of him that sent me, while it is day: the night cometh, when no man can work." 319, "Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus:" 447, "For we through the Spirit wait for the hope of righteousness by faith." 294, "But if our unrighteousness commend the righteousness of God, what shall we say? Is God unrighteous who taketh vengeance? (I speak as a man)" 245, "For the Father loveth the Son, and sheweth him all things that himself doeth: and he will shew him greater works than these, that ye may marvel." 246, "Not that we are sufficient of ourselves to think any thing as of ourselves; but our sufficiency is of God;" 375, "The woman then left her waterpot, and went her way into the city, and saith to the men," 253, "Salute the brethren which are in Laodicea, and Nymphas, and the church which is in his house." 287, "But I speak this by permission, and not of commandment." 275, "Then said Jesus, Let her alone: against the day of my burying hath she kept this." 283, "Who being the brightness of his glory, and the express image of his person, and upholding all things by the word of his power, when he had by himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the Majesty on high;" 320, "I have many things to say and to judge of you: but he that sent me is true; and I speak to the world those things which I have heard of him." 196, "And there he found a certain man named Aeneas, which had kept his bed eight years, and was sick of the palsy." 229, "Be careful for nothing; but in every thing by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known unto God." 348, "For our light affliction, which is but for a moment, worketh for us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory;" 387, "God that made the world and all things therein, seeing that he is Lord of heaven and earth, dwelleth not in temples made with hands;" 350, "For this cause I bow my knees unto the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ," 362, "Now after two days he departed thence, and went into Galilee." 226, "And from Miletus he sent to Ephesus, and called the elders of the church." 174, "To another the working of miracles; to another prophecy; to another discerning of spirits; to another divers kinds of tongues; to another the interpretation of tongues:" 356, "Confirming the souls of the disciples, and exhorting them to continue in the faith, and that we must through much tribulation enter into the kingdom of God." 326, "Much more then, being now justified by his blood, we shall be saved from wrath through him." 370, "Let us not be desirous of vain glory, provoking one another, envying one another." 322, "In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed." 348, "And the eunuch answered Philip, and said, I pray thee, of whom speaketh the prophet this? of himself, or of some other man?" 299, "For finding fault with them, he saith, Behold, the days come, saith the Lord, when I will make a new covenant with the house of Israel and with the house of Judah:" 355, "Wherefore, though I wrote unto you, I did it not for his cause that had done the wrong, nor for his cause that suffered wrong, but that our care for you in the sight of God might appear unto you." 234, "And no marvel; for Satan himself is transformed into an angel of light." 361, "And when he had brought them into his house, he set meat before them, and rejoiced, believing in God with all his house." 311, "And be ye kind one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven you." 316, "Moreover whom he did predestinate, them he also called: and whom he called, them he also justified: and whom he justified, them he also glorified." 361, "Who art thou that judgest another man's servant? to his own master he standeth or falleth. Yea, he shall be holden up: for God is able to make him stand." 312, "What shall we say then that Abraham our father, as pertaining to the flesh, hath found?" 295, "Luke, the beloved physician, and Demas, greet you." 544, "And, Thou, Lord, in the beginning hast laid the foundation of the earth; and the heavens are the works of thine hands:" 327, "They answered him, Jesus of Nazareth. Jesus saith unto them, I am he. And Judas also, which betrayed him, stood with them." 268, "And they appointed two, Joseph called Barsabas, who was surnamed Justus, and Matthias." 3400, "So Jacob went down into Egypt, and died, he, and our fathers," 194, "While we look not at the things which are seen, but at the things which are not seen: for the things which are seen are temporal; but the things which are not seen are eternal." 378, "When therefore Paul and Barnabas had no small dissension and disputation with them, they determined that Paul and Barnabas, and certain other of them, should go up to Jerusalem unto the apostles and elders about this question." 267, "As sorrowful, yet alway rejoicing; as poor, yet making many rich; as having nothing, and yet possessing all things." 326, "For we hear that there are some which walk among you disorderly, working not at all, but are busybodies." 356, "Let your moderation be known unto all men. The Lord is at hand." 349, "Then the soldiers, when they had crucified Jesus, took his garments, and made four parts, to every soldier a part; and also his coat: now the coat was without seam, woven from the top throughout." 304, "As they ministered to the Lord, and fasted, the Holy Ghost said, Separate me Barnabas and Saul for the work whereunto I have called them." 298, "And this I speak for your own profit; not that I may cast a snare upon you, but for that which is comely, and that ye may attend upon the Lord without distraction." 279, "For what saith the scripture? Abraham believed God, and it was counted unto him for righteousness." 323, "Whose mouth is full of cursing and bitterness:" 616, "And the disciples were filled with joy, and with the Holy Ghost." 116, "For the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to all that are afar off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call." 339, "But continue thou in the things which thou hast learned and hast been assured of, knowing of whom thou hast learned them;" 380, "And running under a certain island which is called Clauda, we had much work to come by the boat:" 184, "Therefore I write these things being absent, lest being present I should use sharpness, according to the power which the Lord hath given me to edification, and not to destruction." 255, "The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen." 277, "But Christ as a son over his own house; whose house are we, if we hold fast the confidence and the rejoicing of the hope firm unto the end." 301, "Jesus answered them, Have not I chosen you twelve, and one of you is a devil?" 247, "Heaven is my throne, and earth is my footstool: what house will ye build me? saith the Lord: or what is the place of my rest?" 323, "Ye are our epistle written in our hearts, known and read of all men:" 360, "One that ruleth well his own house, having his children in subjection with all gravity;" 363, "He left Judaea, and departed again into Galilee." 428, "And the other disciples came in a little ship; (for they were not far from land, but as it were two hundred cubits,) dragging the net with fishes." 279, "He is proud, knowing nothing, but doting about questions and strifes of words, whereof cometh envy, strife, railings, evil surmisings," 368, "That Christ should suffer, and that he should be the first that should rise from the dead, and should shew light unto the people, and to the Gentiles." 283, "For if I by grace be a partaker, why am I evil spoken of for that for which I give thanks?" 226, "And when it was told me how that the Jews laid wait for the man, I sent straightway to thee, and gave commandment to his accusers also to say before thee what they had against him. Farewell." 193, "According to my earnest expectation and my hope, that in nothing I shall be ashamed, but that with all boldness, as always, so now also Christ shall be magnified in my body, whether it be by life, or by death." 296, "Is Christ divided? was Paul crucified for you? or were ye baptized in the name of Paul?" 334, "A new commandment I give unto you, That ye love one another; as I have loved you, that ye also love one another." 382, "In which time Moses was born, and was exceeding fair, and nourished up in his father's house three months:" 194, "Jesus said unto them, If ye were blind, ye should have no sin: but now ye say, We see; therefore your sin remaineth." 328, "She saith unto him, Yea, Lord: I believe that thou art the Christ, the Son of God, which should come into the world." 286, "For it is God which worketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure." 327, "But if the unbelieving depart, let him depart. A brother or a sister is not under bondage in such cases: but God hath called us to peace." 286, "Then said Thomas, which is called Didymus, unto his fellowdisciples, Let us also go, that we may die with him." 2520, "We know that God spake unto Moses: as for this fellow, we know not from whence he is." 267, "Wherefore I put thee in remembrance that thou stir up the gift of God, which is in thee by the putting on of my hands." 315, "And Joses, who by the apostles was surnamed Barnabas, (which is, being interpreted, The son of consolation,) a Levite, and of the country of Cyprus," 279, "These things have I spoken unto you, that my joy might remain in you, and that your joy might be full." 333, "But let us, who are of the day, be sober, putting on the breastplate of faith and love; and for an helmet, the hope of salvation." 320, "And I, brethren, if I yet preach circumcision, why do I yet suffer persecution? then is the offence of the cross ceased." 255, "Wherefore comfort one another with these words." 647, "Why should it be thought a thing incredible with you, that God should raise the dead?" 307, "As soon then as they were come to land, they saw a fire of coals there, and fish laid thereon, and bread." 296, "Wherefore the law is holy, and the commandment holy, and just, and good." 293, "Who will have all men to be saved, and to come unto the knowledge of the truth." 223, "When Moses saw it, he wondered at the sight: and as he drew near to behold it, the voice of the Lord came unto him," 217, "And so it is written, The first man Adam was made a living soul; the last Adam was made a quickening spirit." 313, "And for this cause God shall send them strong delusion, that they should believe a lie:" 440, "But if the Spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his Spirit that dwelleth in you." 329, "That ye be not slothful, but followers of them who through faith and patience inherit the promises." 344, "And being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him;" 378, "Wherefore let him that speaketh in an unknown tongue pray that he may interpret." 334, "Then asked he them again, Whom seek ye? And they said, Jesus of Nazareth." 259, "Howbeit there came other boats from Tiberias nigh unto the place where they did eat bread, after that the Lord had given thanks:)" 192, "I will hear thee, said he, when thine accusers are also come. And he commanded him to be kept in Herod's judgment hall." 193, "Let love be without dissimulation. Abhor that which is evil; cleave to that which is good." 312, "How shall we escape, if we neglect so great salvation; which at the first began to be spoken by the Lord, and was confirmed unto us by them that heard him;" 362, "Ye cannot drink the cup of the Lord, and the cup of devils: ye cannot be partakers of the Lord's table, and of the table of devils." 309, "Notwithstanding she shall be saved in childbearing, if they continue in faith and charity and holiness with sobriety." 312, "Let the husband render unto the wife due benevolence: and likewise also the wife unto the husband." 328, "But we see Jesus, who was made a little lower than the angels for the suffering of death, crowned with glory and honour; that he by the grace of God should taste death for every man." 337, "That they do good, that they be rich in good works, ready to distribute, willing to communicate;" 349, "Who comforteth us in all our tribulation, that we may be able to comfort them which are in any trouble, by the comfort wherewith we ourselves are comforted of God." 387, "For a great door and effectual is opened unto me, and there are many adversaries." 255, "Concerning his Son Jesus Christ our Lord, which was made of the seed of David according to the flesh;" 313, "Therefore disputed he in the synagogue with the Jews, and with the devout persons, and in the market daily with them that met with him." 282, "But if a man walk in the night, he stumbleth, because there is no light in him." 283, "To preach the gospel in the regions beyond you, and not to boast in another man's line of things made ready to our hand." 274, "He answered and said, Whether he be a sinner or no, I know not: one thing I know, that, whereas I was blind, now I see." 310, "Jesus answered and said, This voice came not because of me, but for your sakes." 244, "And he began to speak boldly in the synagogue: whom when Aquila and Priscilla had heard, they took him unto them, and expounded unto him the way of God more perfectly." 332, "But I would not have you to be ignorant, brethren, concerning them which are asleep, that ye sorrow not, even as others which have no hope." 365, "Whom he called together with the workmen of like occupation, and said, Sirs, ye know that by this craft we have our wealth." 268, "I am afraid of you, lest I have bestowed upon you labour in vain." 361, "And this I say, lest any man should beguile you with enticing words." 274, "I say therefore to the unmarried and widows, It is good for them if they abide even as I." 307, "Then spake the Lord to Paul in the night by a vision, Be not afraid, but speak, and hold not thy peace:" 294, "And Festus said, King Agrippa, and all men which are here present with us, ye see this man, about whom all the multitude of the Jews have dealt with me, both at Jerusalem, and also here, crying that he ought not to live any longer." 196, "Wherefore, my dearly beloved, flee from idolatry." 636, "But now being made free from sin, and become servants to God, ye have your fruit unto holiness, and the end everlasting life." 364, "For whom he did foreknow, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his Son, that he might be the firstborn among many brethren." 370, "There went with us also certain of the disciples of Caesarea, and brought with them one Mnason of Cyprus, an old disciple, with whom we should lodge." 214, "If therefore perfection were by the Levitical priesthood, (for under it the people received the law,) what further need was there that another priest should rise after the order of Melchisedec, and not be called after the order of Aaron?" 306, "And I will shew wonders in heaven above, and signs in the earth beneath; blood, and fire, and vapour of smoke:" 294, "In the which ye also walked some time, when ye lived in them." 323, "And we are witnesses of all things which he did both in the land of the Jews, and in Jerusalem; whom they slew and hanged on a tree:" 247, "So then every one of us shall give account of himself to God." 254, "There they made him a supper; and Martha served: but Lazarus was one of them that sat at the table with him." 243, "For we stretch not ourselves beyond our measure, as though we reached not unto you: for we are come as far as to you also in preaching the gospel of Christ:" 251, "And he that saw it bare record, and his record is true: and he knoweth that he saith true, that ye might believe." 318, "But if all prophesy, and there come in one that believeth not, or one unlearned, he is convinced of all, he is judged of all:" 284, "And with many other words did he testify and exhort, saying, Save yourselves from this untoward generation." 295, "Forasmuch then as the children are partakers of flesh and blood, he also himself likewise took part of the same; that through death he might destroy him that had the power of death, that is, the devil;" 355, "For we are saved by hope: but hope that is seen is not hope: for what a man seeth, why doth he yet hope for?" 287, "For if I pray in an unknown tongue, my spirit prayeth, but my understanding is unfruitful." 358, "I speak not this to condemn you: for I have said before, that ye are in our hearts to die and live with you." 215, "But in a great house there are not only vessels of gold and of silver, but also of wood and of earth; and some to honour, and some to dishonour." 343, "Then took Mary a pound of ointment of spikenard, very costly, and anointed the feet of Jesus, and wiped his feet with her hair: and the house was filled with the odour of the ointment." 280, "And it came to pass, that the father of Publius lay sick of a fever and of a bloody flux: to whom Paul entered in, and prayed, and laid his hands on him, and healed him." 283, "And it was the sabbath day when Jesus made the clay, and opened his eyes." 226, "Notwithstanding it pleased Silas to abide there still." 475, "But the Jews stirred up the devout and honourable women, and the chief men of the city, and raised persecution against Paul and Barnabas, and expelled them out of their coasts." 250, "For we cannot but speak the things which we have seen and heard." 263, "Against whom when the accusers stood up, they brought none accusation of such things as I supposed:" 225}