{"And the destruction of the transgressors and of the sinners shall be together, and they that forsake the LORD shall be consumed." 3870, "What shall one then answer the messengers of the nation? That the LORD hath founded Zion, and the poor of his people shall trust in it." 2010, "He that deviseth to do evil shall be called a mischievous person." 2240, "Let mine outcasts dwell with thee, Moab; be thou a covert to them from the face of the spoiler: for the extortioner is at an end, the spoiler ceaseth, the oppressors are consumed out of the land." 1910, "Take us the foxes, the little foxes, that spoil the vines: for our vines have tender grapes." 7210, "And the head of Ephraim is Samaria, and the head of Samaria is Remaliah's son. If ye will not believe, surely ye shall not be established." 2170, "The glasses, and the fine linen, and the hoods, and the vails." 2270, "The words of king Lemuel, the prophecy that his mother taught him." 3000, "For the waters of Dimon shall be full of blood: for I will bring more upon Dimon, lions upon him that escapeth of Moab, and upon the remnant of the land." 1910, "That which hath been is named already, and it is known that it is man: neither may he contend with him that is mightier than he." 3180, "And so I saw the wicked buried, who had come and gone from the place of the holy, and they were forgotten in the city where they had so done: this is also vanity." 3160, "Hell and destruction are never full; so the eyes of man are never satisfied." 4370, "Burning lips and a wicked heart are like a potsherd covered with silver dross." 3030, "Say ye not, A confederacy, to all them to whom this people shall say, A confederacy; neither fear ye their fear, nor be afraid." 2400, "Enter into the rock, and hide thee in the dust, for fear of the LORD, and for the glory of his majesty." 7930, "And the spirit of Egypt shall fail in the midst thereof; and I will destroy the counsel thereof: and they shall seek to the idols, and to the charmers, and to them that have familiar spirits, and to the wizards." 2800, "But yet in it shall be a tenth, and it shall return, and shall be eaten: as a teil tree, and as an oak, whose substance is in them, when they cast their leaves: so the holy seed shall be the substance thereof." 9120, "When thou vowest a vow unto God, defer not to pay it; for he hath no pleasure in fools: pay that which thou hast vowed." 3090, "Who can find a virtuous woman? for her price is far above rubies." 24600, "For there is a man whose labour is in wisdom, and in knowledge, and in equity; yet to a man that hath not laboured therein shall he leave it for his portion. This also is vanity and a great evil." 2440, "The king by judgment establisheth the land: but he that receiveth gifts overthroweth it." 3500, "They have stricken me, shalt thou say, and I was not sick; they have beaten me, and I felt it not: when shall I awake? I will seek it yet again." 2880, "The whole earth is at rest, and is quiet: they break forth into singing." 3950, "Now will I sing to my wellbeloved a song of my beloved touching his vineyard. My wellbeloved hath a vineyard in a very fruitful hill:" 2260, "Yea, thou shalt be as he that lieth down in the midst of the sea, or as he that lieth upon the top of a mast." 3010, "Behold, thou art fair, my beloved, yea, pleasant: also our bed is green." 2730, "Her children arise up, and call her blessed; her husband also, and he praiseth her." 11800, "That which hath been is now; and that which is to be hath already been; and God requireth that which is past." 3940, "For a servant when he reigneth; and a fool when he is filled with meat;" 2350, "And I will give children to be their princes, and babes shall rule over them." 3870, "But wild beasts of the desert shall lie there; and their houses shall be full of doleful creatures; and owls shall dwell there, and satyrs shall dance there." 3140, "And all the people shall know, even Ephraim and the inhabitant of Samaria, that say in the pride and stoutness of heart," 2480, "To what purpose is the multitude of your sacrifices unto me? saith the LORD: I am full of the burnt offerings of rams, and the fat of fed beasts; and I delight not in the blood of bullocks, or of lambs, or of he goats." 4240, "I will send him against an hypocritical nation, and against the people of my wrath will I give him a charge, to take the spoil, and to take the prey, and to tread them down like the mire of the streets." 2580, "How art thou fallen from heaven, O Lucifer, son of the morning! how art thou cut down to the ground, which didst weaken the nations!" 25400, "What could have been done more to my vineyard, that I have not done in it? wherefore, when I looked that it should bring forth grapes, brought it forth wild grapes?" 3250, "The burden of Dumah. He calleth to me out of Seir, Watchman, what of the night? Watchman, what of the night?" 2200, "The beginning of the words of his mouth is foolishness: and the end of his talk is mischievous madness." 2250, "His left hand is under my head, and his right hand doth embrace me." 3810, "We have heard of the pride of Moab; he is very proud: even of his haughtiness, and his pride, and his wrath: but his lies shall not be so." 1820, "Sanctify the LORD of hosts himself; and let him be your fear, and let him be your dread." 4210, "The heart of the wise is in the house of mourning; but the heart of fools is in the house of mirth." 5460, "The captain of fifty, and the honourable man, and the counsellor, and the cunning artificer, and the eloquent orator." 2090, "Come, my beloved, let us go forth into the field; let us lodge in the villages." 3050, "Go forth, O ye daughters of Zion, and behold king Solomon with the crown wherewith his mother crowned him in the day of his espousals, and in the day of the gladness of his heart." 2290, "This thy stature is like to a palm tree, and thy breasts to clusters of grapes." 2160, "For what hath man of all his labour, and of the vexation of his heart, wherein he hath laboured under the sun?" 2300, "I returned, and saw under the sun, that the race is not to the swift, nor the battle to the strong, neither yet bread to the wise, nor yet riches to men of understanding, nor yet favour to men of skill; but time and chance happeneth to them all." 10500, "She openeth her mouth with wisdom; and in her tongue is the law of kindness." 11100, "Thy cheeks are comely with rows of jewels, thy neck with chains of gold." 3110, "I said, I will go up to the palm tree, I will take hold of the boughs thereof: now also thy breasts shall be as clusters of the vine, and the smell of thy nose like apples;" 2950, "My beloved is unto me as a cluster of camphire in the vineyards of Engedi." 5500, "He hath made every thing beautiful in his time: also he hath set the world in their heart, so that no man can find out the work that God maketh from the beginning to the end." 5480, "The chains, and the bracelets, and the mufflers," 3050, "As the door turneth upon his hinges, so doth the slothful upon his bed." 3040, "Behold, thou art fair, my love; behold, thou art fair; thou hast doves' eyes." 5350, "By night on my bed I sought him whom my soul loveth: I sought him, but I found him not." 2950, "Give a portion to seven, and also to eight; for thou knowest not what evil shall be upon the earth." 2770, "Evil men understand not judgment: but they that seek the LORD understand all things." 2870, "Lo, this only have I found, that God hath made man upright; but they have sought out many inventions." 3320, "For thou shalt heap coals of fire upon his head, and the LORD shall reward thee." 4410, "Howbeit he meaneth not so, neither doth his heart think so; but it is in his heart to destroy and cut off nations not a few." 2430, "Better is it that thou shouldest not vow, than that thou shouldest vow and not pay." 3710, "In that day shall he swear, saying, I will not be an healer; for in my house is neither bread nor clothing: make me not a ruler of the people." 1740, "And the land of Judah shall be a terror unto Egypt, every one that maketh mention thereof shall be afraid in himself, because of the counsel of the LORD of hosts, which he hath determined against it." 1900, "The burden upon Arabia. In the forest in Arabia shall ye lodge, O ye travelling companies of Dedanim." 1650, "In the day of prosperity be joyful, but in the day of adversity consider: God also hath set the one over against the other, to the end that man should find nothing after him." 2650, "Set me as a seal upon thine heart, as a seal upon thine arm: for love is strong as death; jealousy is cruel as the grave: the coals thereof are coals of fire, which hath a most vehement flame." 4750, "But it shall not be well with the wicked, neither shall he prolong his days, which are as a shadow; because he feareth not before God." 2180, "Solomon had a vineyard at Baalhamon; he let out the vineyard unto keepers; every one for the fruit thereof was to bring a thousand pieces of silver." 3420, "Thy father and thy mother shall be glad, and she that bare thee shall rejoice." 2790, "Keep thy foot when thou goest to the house of God, and be more ready to hear, than to give the sacrifice of fools: for they consider not that they do evil." 2790, "And he laid it upon my mouth, and said, Lo, this hath touched thy lips; and thine iniquity is taken away, and thy sin purged." 4640, "Give not thy strength unto women, nor thy ways to that which destroyeth kings." 3680, "This is the word that the LORD hath spoken concerning Moab since that time." 1490, "The rich man is wise in his own conceit; but the poor that hath understanding searcheth him out." 2690, "I neither learned wisdom, nor have the knowledge of the holy." 2890, "Behold, the LORD will carry thee away with a mighty captivity, and will surely cover thee." 1840, "The king that faithfully judgeth the poor, his throne shall be established for ever." 2400, "And moreover, because the preacher was wise, he still taught the people knowledge; yea, he gave good heed, and sought out, and set in order many proverbs." 2500, "With arrows and with bows shall men come thither; because all the land shall become briers and thorns." 2020, "My beloved spake, and said unto me, Rise up, my love, my fair one, and come away." 5890, "We have a little sister, and she hath no breasts: what shall we do for our sister in the day when she shall be spoken for?" 3610, "What, my son? and what, the son of my womb? and what, the son of my vows?" 3940, "By long forbearing is a prince persuaded, and a soft tongue breaketh the bone." 2740, "From the sole of the foot even unto the head there is no soundness in it; but wounds, and bruises, and putrifying sores: they have not been closed, neither bound up, neither mollified with ointment." 3000, "And he shall not look to the altars, the work of his hands, neither shall respect that which his fingers have made, either the groves, or the images." 2040, "If thine enemy be hungry, give him bread to eat; and if he be thirsty, give him water to drink:" 5340, "Open thy mouth for the dumb in the cause of all such as are appointed to destruction." 3600, "Therefore as the fire devoureth the stubble, and the flame consumeth the chaff, so their root shall be as rottenness, and their blossom shall go up as dust: because they have cast away the law of the LORD of hosts, and despised the word of the Holy One of Israel." 2910, "And ye have numbered the houses of Jerusalem, and the houses have ye broken down to fortify the wall." 1930, "His eyes are as the eyes of doves by the rivers of waters, washed with milk, and fitly set." 2600, "A time to get, and a time to lose; a time to keep, and a time to cast away;" 23400, "The words of Agur the son of Jakeh, even the prophecy: the man spake unto Ithiel, even unto Ithiel and Ucal," 2640, "The burden of Babylon, which Isaiah the son of Amoz did see." 2780, "A continual dropping in a very rainy day and a contentious woman are alike." 4050, "A man that flattereth his neighbour spreadeth a net for his feet." 2400, "Buy the truth, and sell it not; also wisdom, and instruction, and understanding." 6910, "As a mad man who casteth firebrands, arrows, and death," 2350, "And righteousness shall be the girdle of his loins, and faithfulness the girdle of his reins." 5940, "And they shall come, and shall rest all of them in the desolate valleys, and in the holes of the rocks, and upon all thorns, and upon all bushes." 2280, "She is not afraid of the snow for her household: for all her household are clothed with scarlet." 7680, "For a dream cometh through the multitude of business; and a fool's voice is known by multitude of words." 3220, "The LORD hath broken the staff of the wicked, and the sceptre of the rulers." 3740, "He that giveth unto the poor shall not lack: but he that hideth his eyes shall have many a curse." 3430, "The burden of the desert of the sea. As whirlwinds in the south pass through; so it cometh from the desert, from a terrible land." 2330, "Add thou not unto his words, lest he reprove thee, and thou be found a liar." 11600, "Turn away thine eyes from me, for they have overcome me: thy hair is as a flock of goats that appear from Gilead." 3240, "Behold, this have I found, saith the preacher, counting one by one, to find out the account:" 2250, "A faithful man shall abound with blessings: but he that maketh haste to be rich shall not be innocent." 4920, "Or ever I was aware, my soul made me like the chariots of Amminadib." 3110, "And I find more bitter than death the woman, whose heart is snares and nets, and her hands as bands: whoso pleaseth God shall escape from her; but the sinner shall be taken by her." 4880, "She stretcheth out her hand to the poor; yea, she reacheth forth her hands to the needy." 6010, "For there is not a just man upon earth, that doeth good, and sinneth not." 6800, "And the LORD of hosts shall stir up a scourge for him according to the slaughter of Midian at the rock of Oreb: and as his rod was upon the sea, so shall he lift it up after the manner of Egypt." 1940, "One generation passeth away, and another generation cometh: but the earth abideth for ever." 5810, "And moreover I saw under the sun the place of judgment, that wickedness was there; and the place of righteousness, that iniquity was there." 2570, "And the cow and the bear shall feed; their young ones shall lie down together: and the lion shall eat straw like the ox." 7970, "Then I beheld all the work of God, that a man cannot find out the work that is done under the sun: because though a man labour to seek it out, yet he shall not find it; yea further; though a wise man think to know it, yet shall he not be able to find it." 2090, "O house of Jacob, come ye, and let us walk in the light of the LORD." 4750, "Dead flies cause the ointment of the apothecary to send forth a stinking savour: so doth a little folly him that is in reputation for wisdom and honour." 2700, "Favour is deceitful, and beauty is vain: but a woman that feareth the LORD, she shall be praised." 12800, "There be four things which are little upon the earth, but they are exceeding wise:" 2990, "Woe unto them that draw iniquity with cords of vanity, and sin as it were with a cart rope:" 2750, "And it shall be as the chased roe, and as a sheep that no man taketh up: they shall every man turn to his own people, and flee every one into his own land." 1900, "The full soul loatheth an honeycomb; but to the hungry soul every bitter thing is sweet." 2970, "Awake, O north wind; and come, thou south; blow upon my garden, that the spices thereof may flow out. Let my beloved come into his garden, and eat his pleasant fruits." 2740, "Whoso is partner with a thief hateth his own soul: he heareth cursing, and bewrayeth it not." 2340, "He that covereth his sins shall not prosper: but whoso confesseth and forsaketh them shall have mercy." 9330, "Ointment and perfume rejoice the heart: so doth the sweetness of a man's friend by hearty counsel." 5320, "But with righteousness shall he judge the poor, and reprove with equity for the meek of the earth: and he shall smite the earth with the rod of his mouth, and with the breath of his lips shall he slay the wicked." 6610, "The sun also ariseth, and the sun goeth down, and hasteth to his place where he arose." 4220, "A man that beareth false witness against his neighbour is a maul, and a sword, and a sharp arrow." 2260, "For all his days are sorrows, and his travail grief; yea, his heart taketh not rest in the night. This is also vanity." 2270, "Whoso keepeth the commandment shall feel no evil thing: and a wise man's heart discerneth both time and judgment." 2490, "And the firstborn of the poor shall feed, and the needy shall lie down in safety: and I will kill thy root with famine, and he shall slay thy remnant." 1960, "The great God that formed all things both rewardeth the fool, and rewardeth transgressors." 2520, "That which is far off, and exceeding deep, who can find it out?" 4520, "Hear, O heavens, and give ear, O earth: for the LORD hath spoken, I have nourished and brought up children, and they have rebelled against me." 3580, "And it shall come to pass in that day, that the Lord shall set his hand again the second time to recover the remnant of his people, which shall be left, from Assyria, and from Egypt, and from Pathros, and from Cush, and from Elam, and from Shinar, and from Hamath, and from the islands of the sea." 4690, "Whoso robbeth his father or his mother, and saith, It is no transgression; the same is the companion of a destroyer." 2660, "For he cometh in with vanity, and departeth in darkness, and his name shall be covered with darkness." 2320, "I made me gardens and orchards, and I planted trees in them of all kind of fruits:" 2690, "For if they fall, the one will lift up his fellow: but woe to him that is alone when he falleth; for he hath not another to help him up." 14800, "Thy lips are like a thread of scarlet, and thy speech is comely: thy temples are like a piece of a pomegranate within thy locks." 2420, "For though thy people Israel be as the sand of the sea, yet a remnant of them shall return: the consumption decreed shall overflow with righteousness." 2320, "All the kings of the nations, even all of them, lie in glory, every one in his own house." 3330, "Thus saith the Lord GOD of hosts, Go, get thee unto this treasurer, even unto Shebna, which is over the house, and say," 1580, "And her gates shall lament and mourn; and she being desolate shall sit upon the ground." 2390, "The burden of Damascus. Behold, Damascus is taken away from being a city, and it shall be a ruinous heap." 8660, "The labour of the foolish wearieth every one of them, because he knoweth not how to go to the city." 1940, "Take counsel together, and it shall come to nought; speak the word, and it shall not stand: for God is with us." 3050, "He that hateth dissembleth with his lips, and layeth up deceit within him;" 2790, "A garden inclosed is my sister, my spouse; a spring shut up, a fountain sealed." 4840, "And also that every man should eat and drink, and enjoy the good of all his labour, it is the gift of God." 7650, "That I will break the Assyrian in my land, and upon my mountains tread him under foot: then shall his yoke depart from off them, and his burden depart from off their shoulders." 2380, "And it shall come to pass in that day, that the remnant of Israel, and such as are escaped of the house of Jacob, shall no more again stay upon him that smote them; but shall stay upon the LORD, the Holy One of Israel, in truth." 2480, "The LORD standeth up to plead, and standeth to judge the people." 2200, "Therefore the LORD will cut off from Israel head and tail, branch and rush, in one day." 2480, "The prince that wanteth understanding is also a great oppressor: but he that hateth covetousness shall prolong his days." 2390, "Thy two breasts are like two young roes that are twins." 4800, "The paper reeds by the brooks, by the mouth of the brooks, and every thing sown by the brooks, shall wither, be driven away, and be no more." 1850, "When ye come to appear before me, who hath required this at your hand, to tread my courts?" 4190, "And upon all the high mountains, and upon all the hills that are lifted up," 2940, "A righteous man falling down before the wicked is as a troubled fountain, and a corrupt spring." 3650, "Curse not the king, no not in thy thought; and curse not the rich in thy bedchamber: for a bird of the air shall carry the voice, and that which hath wings shall tell the matter." 5010, "She will do him good and not evil all the days of her life." 14300, "Because to every purpose there is time and judgment, therefore the misery of man is great upon him." 2460, "But those riches perish by evil travail: and he begetteth a son, and there is nothing in his hand." 2440, "Until the day break, and the shadows flee away, turn, my beloved, and be thou like a roe or a young hart upon the mountains of Bether." 2680, "Now therefore, behold, the Lord bringeth up upon them the waters of the river, strong and many, even the king of Assyria, and all his glory: and he shall come up over all his channels, and go over all his banks:" 2040, "The thing that hath been, it is that which shall be; and that which is done is that which shall be done: and there is no new thing under the sun." 18500, "The father of the righteous shall greatly rejoice: and he that begetteth a wise child shall have joy of him." 2960, "And he fenced it, and gathered out the stones thereof, and planted it with the choicest vine, and built a tower in the midst of it, and also made a winepress therein: and he looked that it should bring forth grapes, and it brought forth wild grapes." 2470, "Above it stood the seraphims: each one had six wings; with twain he covered his face, and with twain he covered his feet, and with twain he did fly." 5410, "O my threshing, and the corn of my floor: that which I have heard of the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, have I declared unto you." 2000, "My beloved is gone down into his garden, to the beds of spices, to feed in the gardens, and to gather lilies." 3800, "My son, be wise, and make my heart glad, that I may answer him that reproacheth me." 2300, "If thou forbear to deliver them that are drawn unto death, and those that are ready to be slain;" 3760, "Put not forth thyself in the presence of the king, and stand not in the place of great men:" 2390, "Surely the churning of milk bringeth forth butter, and the wringing of the nose bringeth forth blood: so the forcing of wrath bringeth forth strife." 2420, "As thou knowest not what is the way of the spirit, nor how the bones do grow in the womb of her that is with child: even so thou knowest not the works of God who maketh all." 2760, "He that saith unto the wicked, Thou art righteous; him shall the people curse, nations shall abhor him:" 2030, "And there shall come forth a rod out of the stem of Jesse, and a Branch shall grow out of his roots:" 11300, "Woe unto them that rise up early in the morning, that they may follow strong drink; that continue until night, till wine inflame them!" 3640, "Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it with thy might; for there is no work, nor device, nor knowledge, nor wisdom, in the grave, whither thou goest." 9550, "And the light of Israel shall be for a fire, and his Holy One for a flame: and it shall burn and devour his thorns and his briers in one day;" 2870, "When goods increase, they are increased that eat them: and what good is there to the owners thereof, saving the beholding of them with their eyes?" 2910, "Neither shall there be any work for Egypt, which the head or tail, branch or rush, may do." 2040, "As the bird by wandering, as the swallow by flying, so the curse causeless shall not come." 3080, "Open thy mouth, judge righteously, and plead the cause of the poor and needy." 4050, "A time to weep, and a time to laugh; a time to mourn, and a time to dance;" 45200, "Tell me, O thou whom my soul loveth, where thou feedest, where thou makest thy flock to rest at noon: for why should I be as one that turneth aside by the flocks of thy companions?" 2990, "And they shall be afraid: pangs and sorrows shall take hold of them; they shall be in pain as a woman that travaileth: they shall be amazed one at another; their faces shall be as flames." 3360, "Woe unto them that are wise in their own eyes, and prudent in their own sight!" 7520, "For a whore is a deep ditch; and a strange woman is a narrow pit." 5290, "What is thy beloved more than another beloved, O thou fairest among women? what is thy beloved more than another beloved, that thou dost so charge us?" 2310, "Yea also, when he that is a fool walketh by the way, his wisdom faileth him, and he saith to every one that he is a fool." 2020, "Where there is no vision, the people perish: but he that keepeth the law, happy is he." 10700, "Wherefore I praised the dead which are already dead more than the living which are yet alive." 2710, "I said in mine heart, God shall judge the righteous and the wicked: for there is a time there for every purpose and for every work." 3140, "Who knoweth the spirit of man that goeth upward, and the spirit of the beast that goeth downward to the earth?" 4740, "And he saw a chariot with a couple of horsemen, a chariot of asses, and a chariot of camels; and he hearkened diligently with much heed:" 1880, "Which justify the wicked for reward, and take away the righteousness of the righteous from him!" 4060, "Cry out and shout, thou inhabitant of Zion: for great is the Holy One of Israel in the midst of thee." 3410, "Then said I, Wisdom is better than strength: nevertheless the poor man's wisdom is despised, and his words are not heard." 3180, "And shall consume the glory of his forest, and of his fruitful field, both soul and body: and they shall be as when a standardbearer fainteth." 1780, "Behold that which I have seen: it is good and comely for one to eat and to drink, and to enjoy the good of all his labour that he taketh under the sun all the days of his life, which God giveth him: for it is his portion." 3830, "All his days also he eateth in darkness, and he hath much sorrow and wrath with his sickness." 3910, "A time to be born, and a time to die; a time to plant, and a time to pluck up that which is planted;" 27200, "An unjust man is an abomination to the just: and he that is upright in the way is abomination to the wicked." 2910, "That thou shalt take up this proverb against the king of Babylon, and say, How hath the oppressor ceased! the golden city ceased!" 3230, "And the roof of thy mouth like the best wine for my beloved, that goeth down sweetly, causing the lips of those that are asleep to speak." 2610, "Because of the savour of thy good ointments thy name is as ointment poured forth, therefore do the virgins love thee." 3030, "Woe to thee, O land, when thy king is a child, and thy princes eat in the morning!" 2750, "A time to rend, and a time to sew; a time to keep silence, and a time to speak;" 15600, "Be not a witness against thy neighbour without cause; and deceive not with thy lips." 2500, "And the residue of the number of archers, the mighty men of the children of Kedar, shall be diminished: for the LORD God of Israel hath spoken it." 2070, "And it shall come to pass, that he that is left in Zion, and he that remaineth in Jerusalem, shall be called holy, even every one that is written among the living in Jerusalem:" 2960, "It is better to hear the rebuke of the wise, than for a man to hear the song of fools." 5500, "For they fled from the swords, from the drawn sword, and from the bent bow, and from the grievousness of war." 2050, "Though thou shouldest bray a fool in a mortar among wheat with a pestle, yet will not his foolishness depart from him." 2650, "And now go to; I will tell you what I will do to my vineyard: I will take away the hedge thereof, and it shall be eaten up; and break down the wall thereof, and it shall be trodden down:" 2550, "A prudent man foreseeth the evil, and hideth himself; but the simple pass on, and are punished." 10400, "Which yet my soul seeketh, but I find not: one man among a thousand have I found; but a woman among all those have I not found." 2330, "Go thy way, eat thy bread with joy, and drink thy wine with a merry heart; for God now accepteth thy works." 4480, "O that thou wert as my brother, that sucked the breasts of my mother! when I should find thee without, I would kiss thee; yea, I should not be despised." 3210, "Then I saw, and considered it well: I looked upon it, and received instruction." 3460, "And I will wait upon the LORD, that hideth his face from the house of Jacob, and I will look for him." 2960, "As he that bindeth a stone in a sling, so is he that giveth honour to a fool." 2190, "Thy teeth are like a flock of sheep that are even shorn, which came up from the washing; whereof every one bear twins, and none is barren among them." 2230, "The grave; and the barren womb; the earth that is not filled with water; and the fire that saith not, It is enough." 2590, "Let him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth: for thy love is better than wine." 7970, "Be not rash with thy mouth, and let not thine heart be hasty to utter any thing before God: for God is in heaven, and thou upon earth: therefore let thy words be few." 3680, "Rejoice not when thine enemy falleth, and let not thine heart be glad when he stumbleth:" 3830, "Every one that is found shall be thrust through; and every one that is joined unto them shall fall by the sword." 2330, "That made the world as a wilderness, and destroyed the cities thereof; that opened not the house of his prisoners?" 5480, "When he speaketh fair, believe him not: for there are seven abominations in his heart." 2940, "So shall thy poverty come as one that travelleth; and thy want as an armed man." 5680, "A good name is better than precious ointment; and the day of death than the day of one's birth." 6070, "Then I returned, and I saw vanity under the sun." 2370, "Is there any thing whereof it may be said, See, this is new? it hath been already of old time, which was before us." 6390, "For by wise counsel thou shalt make thy war: and in multitude of counsellors there is safety." 2650, "For he saith, Are not my princes altogether kings?" 2310, "And the mean man shall be brought down, and the mighty man shall be humbled, and the eyes of the lofty shall be humbled:" 2610, "His cheeks are as a bed of spices, as sweet flowers: his lips like lilies, dropping sweet smelling myrrh." 2690, "And it shall come to pass in the day that the LORD shall give thee rest from thy sorrow, and from thy fear, and from the hard bondage wherein thou wast made to serve," 2900, "This is an evil among all things that are done under the sun, that there is one event unto all: yea, also the heart of the sons of men is full of evil, and madness is in their heart while they live, and after that they go to the dead." 2580, "Many seek the ruler's favour; but every man's judgment cometh from the LORD." 2290, "Lest I be full, and deny thee, and say, Who is the LORD? or lest I be poor, and steal, and take the name of my God in vain." 4620, "I am black, but comely, O ye daughters of Jerusalem, as the tents of Kedar, as the curtains of Solomon." 6630, "Woe unto the wicked! it shall be ill with him: for the reward of his hands shall be given him." 4520, "Surely the serpent will bite without enchantment; and a babbler is no better." 2240, "For an odious woman when she is married; and an handmaid that is heir to her mistress." 2680, "The LORD of hosts hath sworn, saying, Surely as I have thought, so shall it come to pass; and as I have purposed, so shall it stand:" 3600, "And it shall come to pass, that instead of sweet smell there shall be stink; and instead of a girdle a rent; and instead of well set hair baldness; and instead of a stomacher a girding of sackcloth; and burning instead of beauty." 2590, "I will ascend above the heights of the clouds; I will be like the most High." 31300, "I sleep, but my heart waketh: it is the voice of my beloved that knocketh, saying, Open to me, my sister, my love, my dove, my undefiled: for my head is filled with dew, and my locks with the drops of the night." 2780, "Their land also is full of silver and gold, neither is there any end of their treasures; their land is also full of horses, neither is there any end of their chariots:" 2920, "A fool also is full of words: a man cannot tell what shall be; and what shall be after him, who can tell him?" 3770, "Moreover the LORD said unto me, Take thee a great roll, and write in it with a man's pen concerning Mahershalalhashbaz." 2860, "Look not thou upon the wine when it is red, when it giveth his colour in the cup, when it moveth itself aright." 4940, "Surely the princes of Zoan are fools, the counsel of the wise counsellors of Pharaoh is become brutish: how say ye unto Pharaoh, I am the son of the wise, the son of ancient kings?" 1640, "A man to whom God hath given riches, wealth, and honour, so that he wanteth nothing for his soul of all that he desireth, yet God giveth him not power to eat thereof, but a stranger eateth it: this is vanity, and it is an evil disease." 3620, "How is the faithful city become an harlot! it was full of judgment; righteousness lodged in it; but now murderers." 3130, "Their land also is full of idols; they worship the work of their own hands, that which their own fingers have made:" 3430, "Hast thou found honey? eat so much as is sufficient for thee, lest thou be filled therewith, and vomit it." 4100, "Say not, I will do so to him as he hath done to me: I will render to the man according to his work." 9140, "For the vineyard of the LORD of hosts is the house of Israel, and the men of Judah his pleasant plant: and he looked for judgment, but behold oppression; for righteousness, but behold a cry." 2900, "As a dog returneth to his vomit, so a fool returneth to his folly." 8090, "King Solomon made himself a chariot of the wood of Lebanon." 2400, "But to them that rebuke him shall be delight, and a good blessing shall come upon them." 2270, "Whoso loveth wisdom rejoiceth his father: but he that keepeth company with harlots spendeth his substance." 3590, "There is no man that hath power over the spirit to retain the spirit; neither hath he power in the day of death: and there is no discharge in that war; neither shall wickedness deliver those that are given to it." 2240, "Then I saw that wisdom excelleth folly, as far as light excelleth darkness." 2740, "But if a man live many years, and rejoice in them all; yet let him remember the days of darkness; for they shall be many. All that cometh is vanity." 1970, "All this have I seen, and applied my heart unto every work that is done under the sun: there is a time wherein one man ruleth over another to his own hurt." 1970, "There is nothing better for a man, than that he should eat and drink, and that he should make his soul enjoy good in his labour. This also I saw, that it was from the hand of God." 2180, "Behold, the Lord, the LORD of hosts, shall lop the bough with terror: and the high ones of stature shall be hewn down, and the haughty shall be humbled." 1990, "For thus hath the Lord said unto me, Go, set a watchman, let him declare what he seeth." 7700, "Wrath is cruel, and anger is outrageous; but who is able to stand before envy?" 3620, "Who is she that looketh forth as the morning, fair as the moon, clear as the sun, and terrible as an army with banners?" 3180, "Therefore the Lord shall have no joy in their young men, neither shall have mercy on their fatherless and widows: for every one is an hypocrite and an evildoer, and every mouth speaketh folly. For all this his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out still." 2350, "Where no wood is, there the fire goeth out: so where there is no talebearer, the strife ceaseth." 10300, "Behold, God is my salvation; I will trust, and not be afraid: for the LORD JEHOVAH is my strength and my song; he also is become my salvation." 7350, "And, lo, it was all grown over with thorns, and nettles had covered the face thereof, and the stone wall thereof was broken down." 3110, "For it is a day of trouble, and of treading down, and of perplexity by the Lord GOD of hosts in the valley of vision, breaking down the walls, and of crying to the mountains." 2080, "Blessed art thou, O land, when thy king is the son of nobles, and thy princes eat in due season, for strength, and not for drunkenness!" 2320, "And I will punish the world for their evil, and the wicked for their iniquity; and I will cause the arrogancy of the proud to cease, and will lay low the haughtiness of the terrible." 5810, "Then shall the dust return to the earth as it was: and the spirit shall return unto God who gave it." 21100, "Look not upon me, because I am black, because the sun hath looked upon me: my mother's children were angry with me; they made me the keeper of the vineyards; but mine own vineyard have I not kept." 3420, "Again, I considered all travail, and every right work, that for this a man is envied of his neighbour. This is also vanity and vexation of spirit." 2660, "An angry man stirreth up strife, and a furious man aboundeth in transgression." 3120, "Then I looked on all the works that my hands had wrought, and on the labour that I had laboured to do: and, behold, all was vanity and vexation of spirit, and there was no profit under the sun." 2980, "The righteous considereth the cause of the poor: but the wicked regardeth not to know it." 2960, "For before the child shall have knowledge to cry, My father, and my mother, the riches of Damascus and the spoil of Samaria shall be taken away before the king of Assyria." 2200, "Better is the poor that walketh in his uprightness, than he that is perverse in his ways, though he be rich." 3100, "As an earring of gold, and an ornament of fine gold, so is a wise reprover upon an obedient ear." 2560, "Again, if two lie together, then they have heat: but how can one be warm alone?" 3620, "And I gave my heart to know wisdom, and to know madness and folly: I perceived that this also is vexation of spirit." 6480, "And many people shall go and say, Come ye, and let us go up to the mountain of the LORD, to the house of the God of Jacob; and he will teach us of his ways, and we will walk in his paths: for out of Zion shall go forth the law, and the word of the LORD from Jerusalem." 8100, "Boast not thyself of to morrow; for thou knowest not what a day may bring forth." 5560, "He that rebuketh a man afterwards shall find more favour than he that flattereth with the tongue." 2570, "Return, return, O Shulamite; return, return, that we may look upon thee. What will ye see in the Shulamite? As it were the company of two armies." 2910, "I applied mine heart to know, and to search, and to seek out wisdom, and the reason of things, and to know the wickedness of folly, even of foolishness and madness:" 2190, "A poor man that oppresseth the poor is like a sweeping rain which leaveth no food." 2580, "Whom the LORD of hosts shall bless, saying, Blessed be Egypt my people, and Assyria the work of my hands, and Israel mine inheritance." 3240, "A man's pride shall bring him low: but honour shall uphold the humble in spirit." 3820, "Thy princes are rebellious, and companions of thieves: every one loveth gifts, and followeth after rewards: they judge not the fatherless, neither doth the cause of the widow come unto them." 2830, "He brought me to the banqueting house, and his banner over me was love." 6610, "The poor and the deceitful man meet together: the LORD lighteneth both their eyes." 2320, "Answer a fool according to his folly, lest he be wise in his own conceit." 5990, "Faithful are the wounds of a friend; but the kisses of an enemy are deceitful." 10600, "All thy rulers are fled together, they are bound by the archers: all that are found in thee are bound together, which have fled from far." 1780, "For the cry is gone round about the borders of Moab; the howling thereof unto Eglaim, and the howling thereof unto Beerelim." 1630, "Therefore hell hath enlarged herself, and opened her mouth without measure: and their glory, and their multitude, and their pomp, and he that rejoiceth, shall descend into it." 3990, "He that passeth by, and meddleth with strife belonging not to him, is like one that taketh a dog by the ears." 2900, "For wickedness burneth as the fire: it shall devour the briers and thorns, and shall kindle in the thickets of the forest, and they shall mount up like the lifting up of smoke." 2240, "He that hath no rule over his own spirit is like a city that is broken down, and without walls." 5050, "It is better to go to the house of mourning, than to go to the house of feasting: for that is the end of all men; and the living will lay it to his heart." 3420, "He that is of a proud heart stirreth up strife: but he that putteth his trust in the LORD shall be made fat." 3060, "That sendeth ambassadors by the sea, even in vessels of bulrushes upon the waters, saying, Go, ye swift messengers, to a nation scattered and peeled, to a people terrible from their beginning hitherto; a nation meted out and trodden down, whose land the rivers have spoiled!" 2120, "And it shall come to pass, when it is seen that Moab is weary on the high place, that he shall come to his sanctuary to pray; but he shall not prevail." 1460, "Thine head upon thee is like Carmel, and the hair of thine head like purple; the king is held in the galleries." 2740, "The sleep of a labouring man is sweet, whether he eat little or much: but the abundance of the rich will not suffer him to sleep." 3620, "Lest the LORD see it, and it displease him, and he turn away his wrath from him." 3510, "Who is this that cometh up from the wilderness, leaning upon her beloved? I raised thee up under the apple tree: there thy mother brought thee forth: there she brought thee forth that bare thee." 2140, "Ye made also a ditch between the two walls for the water of the old pool: but ye have not looked unto the maker thereof, neither had respect unto him that fashioned it long ago." 1800, "Therefore remove sorrow from thy heart, and put away evil from thy flesh: for childhood and youth are vanity." 2560, "For Jerusalem is ruined, and Judah is fallen: because their tongue and their doings are against the LORD, to provoke the eyes of his glory." 2300, "Moreover he hath not seen the sun, nor known any thing: this hath more rest than the other." 2940, "Bring no more vain oblations; incense is an abomination unto me; the new moons and sabbaths, the calling of assemblies, I cannot away with; it is iniquity, even the solemn meeting." 4530, "I will also make it a possession for the bittern, and pools of water: and I will sweep it with the besom of destruction, saith the LORD of hosts." 2600, "The words of a wise man's mouth are gracious; but the lips of a fool will swallow up himself." 2840, "And it shall be for a sign and for a witness unto the LORD of hosts in the land of Egypt: for they shall cry unto the LORD because of the oppressors, and he shall send them a saviour, and a great one, and he shall deliver them." 2660, "And the daughter of Zion is left as a cottage in a vineyard, as a lodge in a garden of cucumbers, as a besieged city." 3350, "Better is the end of a thing than the beginning thereof: and the patient in spirit is better than the proud in spirit." 3510, "Then shall the lambs feed after their manner, and the waste places of the fat ones shall strangers eat." 2400, "All go unto one place; all are of the dust, and all turn to dust again." 6650, "A time to kill, and a time to heal; a time to break down, and a time to build up;" 35300, "Withdraw thy foot from thy neighbour's house; lest he be weary of thee, and so hate thee." 2840, "And they shall go into the holes of the rocks, and into the caves of the earth, for fear of the LORD, and for the glory of his majesty, when he ariseth to shake terribly the earth." 4610, "And he shall judge among the nations, and shall rebuke many people: and they shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruninghooks: nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more." 11900, "The princes of Zoan are become fools, the princes of Noph are deceived; they have also seduced Egypt, even they that are the stay of the tribes thereof." 1700, "He that turneth away his ear from hearing the law, even his prayer shall be abomination." 6600, "And the people shall take them, and bring them to their place: and the house of Israel shall possess them in the land of the LORD for servants and handmaids: and they shall take them captives, whose captives they were; and they shall rule over their oppressors." 4110, "For what hath the wise more than the fool? what hath the poor, that knoweth to walk before the living?" 2280, "Therefore I will shake the heavens, and the earth shall remove out of her place, in the wrath of the LORD of hosts, and in the day of his fierce anger." 4220, "I have seen all the works that are done under the sun; and, behold, all is vanity and vexation of spirit." 4180, "Come now, and let us reason together, saith the LORD: though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow; though they be red like crimson, they shall be as wool." 23500, "Or ever the silver cord be loosed, or the golden bowl be broken, or the pitcher be broken at the fountain, or the wheel broken at the cistern." 4840, "Yea, the fir trees rejoice at thee, and the cedars of Lebanon, saying, Since thou art laid down, no feller is come up against us." 2750, "While the king sitteth at his table, my spikenard sendeth forth the smell thereof." 3070, "And the sucking child shall play on the hole of the asp, and the weaned child shall put his hand on the cockatrice' den." 5890, "Say ye to the righteous, that it shall be well with him: for they shall eat the fruit of their doings." 3910, "Also their love, and their hatred, and their envy, is now perished; neither have they any more a portion for ever in any thing that is done under the sun." 4540, "For better it is that it be said unto thee, Come up hither; than that thou shouldest be put lower in the presence of the prince whom thine eyes have seen." 2290, "And he shall set up an ensign for the nations, and shall assemble the outcasts of Israel, and gather together the dispersed of Judah from the four corners of the earth." 7310, "As yet shall he remain at Nob that day: he shall shake his hand against the mount of the daughter of Zion, the hill of Jerusalem." 2240, "As he that taketh away a garment in cold weather, and as vinegar upon nitre, so is he that singeth songs to an heavy heart." 2450, "There is a generation that are pure in their own eyes, and yet is not washed from their filthiness." 3840, "Every man shall kiss his lips that giveth a right answer." 2390, "These are also proverbs of Solomon, which the men of Hezekiah king of Judah copied out." 2400, "So I was great, and increased more than all that were before me in Jerusalem: also my wisdom remained with me." 2320, "Give strong drink unto him that is ready to perish, and wine unto those that be of heavy hearts." 5050, "The legs of the lame are not equal: so is a parable in the mouth of fools." 2950, "I am my beloved's, and his desire is toward me." 4910, "Take away the dross from the silver, and there shall come forth a vessel for the finer." 3070, "They come from a far country, from the end of heaven, even the LORD, and the weapons of his indignation, to destroy the whole land." 2960, "For he knoweth not that which shall be: for who can tell him when it shall be?" 7340, "The shew of their countenance doth witness against them; and they declare their sin as Sodom, they hide it not. Woe unto their soul! for they have rewarded evil unto themselves." 3030, "Now there was found in it a poor wise man, and he by his wisdom delivered the city; yet no man remembered that same poor man." 2680, "I said of laughter, It is mad: and of mirth, What doeth it?" 2440, "For the people turneth not unto him that smiteth them, neither do they seek the LORD of hosts." 2400, "Cease ye from man, whose breath is in his nostrils: for wherein is he to be accounted of?" 3960, "For thus hath the Lord said unto me, Within a year, according to the years of an hireling, and all the glory of Kedar shall fail:" 2130, "A servant will not be corrected by words: for though he understand he will not answer." 2610, "Behold, the day of the LORD cometh, cruel both with wrath and fierce anger, to lay the land desolate: and he shall destroy the sinners thereof out of it." 6060, "Wherefore it shall come to pass, that when the Lord hath performed his whole work upon mount Zion and on Jerusalem, I will punish the fruit of the stout heart of the king of Assyria, and the glory of his high looks." 2540, "And the idols he shall utterly abolish." 3820, "What mean ye that ye beat my people to pieces, and grind the faces of the poor? saith the Lord GOD of hosts." 2120, "Vanity of vanities, saith the preacher; all is vanity." 10700, "I charge you, O daughters of Jerusalem, that ye stir not up, nor awake my love, until he please." 2360, "So is the man that deceiveth his neighbour, and saith, Am not I in sport?" 2700, "And now, O inhabitants of Jerusalem, and men of Judah, judge, I pray you, betwixt me and my vineyard." 2900, "Thy silver is become dross, thy wine mixed with water:" 3330, "I said in mine heart concerning the estate of the sons of men, that God might manifest them, and that they might see that they themselves are beasts." 2890, "He that delicately bringeth up his servant from a child shall have him become his son at the length." 3550, "And they shall pass through it, hardly bestead and hungry: and it shall come to pass, that when they shall be hungry, they shall fret themselves, and curse their king and their God, and look upward." 2160, "The hay appeareth, and the tender grass sheweth itself, and herbs of the mountains are gathered." 2530, "And the rest of the trees of his forest shall be few, that a child may write them." 2350, "His mouth is most sweet: yea, he is altogether lovely. This is my beloved, and this is my friend, O daughters of Jerusalem." 5190, "In that day shall there be an altar to the LORD in the midst of the land of Egypt, and a pillar at the border thereof to the LORD." 4240, "In mine ears said the LORD of hosts, Of a truth many houses shall be desolate, even great and fair, without inhabitant." 2410, "To every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven:" 48300, "Howl, O gate; cry, O city; thou, whole Palestina, art dissolved: for there shall come from the north a smoke, and none shall be alone in his appointed times." 2010, "As cold waters to a thirsty soul, so is good news from a far country." 6990, "And he shall pass through Judah; he shall overflow and go over, he shall reach even to the neck; and the stretching out of his wings shall fill the breadth of thy land, O Immanuel." 2470, "When the wicked are multiplied, transgression increaseth: but the righteous shall see their fall." 2580, "My heart shall cry out for Moab; his fugitives shall flee unto Zoar, an heifer of three years old: for by the mounting up of Luhith with weeping shall they go it up; for in the way of Horonaim they shall raise up a cry of destruction." 1790, "It shall never be inhabited, neither shall it be dwelt in from generation to generation: neither shall the Arabian pitch tent there; neither shall the shepherds make their fold there." 2770, "For in much wisdom is much grief: and he that increaseth knowledge increaseth sorrow." 13600, "Answer not a fool according to his folly, lest thou also be like unto him." 15200, "Therefore the LORD shall set up the adversaries of Rezin against him, and join his enemies together;" 2870, "Happy is the man that feareth alway: but he that hardeneth his heart shall fall into mischief." 2780, "Thy two breasts are like two young roes that are twins, which feed among the lilies." 3460, "I counsel thee to keep the king's commandment, and that in regard of the oath of God." 1860, "The fishers also shall mourn, and all they that cast angle into the brooks shall lament, and they that spread nets upon the waters shall languish." 2210, "Let another man praise thee, and not thine own mouth; a stranger, and not thine own lips." 3870, "The cities of Aroer are forsaken: they shall be for flocks, which shall lie down, and none shall make them afraid." 2230, "A stone is heavy, and the sand weighty; but a fool's wrath is heavier than them both." 2920, "He that blesseth his friend with a loud voice, rising early in the morning, it shall be counted a curse to him." 2780, "I considered all the living which walk under the sun, with the second child that shall stand up in his stead." 2550, "I gathered me also silver and gold, and the peculiar treasure of kings and of the provinces: I gat me men singers and women singers, and the delights of the sons of men, as musical instruments, and that of all sorts." 2280, "As the lily among thorns, so is my love among the daughters." 8780, "In the year that king Uzziah died I saw also the Lord sitting upon a throne, high and lifted up, and his train filled the temple." 6980, "Surely oppression maketh a wise man mad; and a gift destroyeth the heart." 2740, "The slothful hideth his hand in his bosom; it grieveth him to bring it again to his mouth." 3140, "He that diggeth a pit shall fall into it; and whoso breaketh an hedge, a serpent shall bite him." 2320, "His legs are as pillars of marble, set upon sockets of fine gold: his countenance is as Lebanon, excellent as the cedars." 2780, "And I will restore thy judges as at the first, and thy counsellors as at the beginning: afterward thou shalt be called, The city of righteousness, the faithful city." 2480, "And the LORD said, Like as my servant Isaiah hath walked naked and barefoot three years for a sign and wonder upon Egypt and upon Ethiopia;" 2680, "And he will lift up an ensign to the nations from far, and will hiss unto them from the end of the earth: and, behold, they shall come with speed swiftly:" 2380, "The wicked flee when no man pursueth: but the righteous are bold as a lion." 12700, "The beams of our house are cedar, and our rafters of fir." 2730, "Woe to the land shadowing with wings, which is beyond the rivers of Ethiopia:" 2450, "While the sun, or the light, or the moon, or the stars, be not darkened, nor the clouds return after the rain:" 3440, "Associate yourselves, O ye people, and ye shall be broken in pieces; and give ear, all ye of far countries: gird yourselves, and ye shall be broken in pieces; gird yourselves, and ye shall be broken in pieces." 2300, "Be not over much wicked, neither be thou foolish: why shouldest thou die before thy time?" 2780, "A fountain of gardens, a well of living waters, and streams from Lebanon." 3500, "He who smote the people in wrath with a continual stroke, he that ruled the nations in anger, is persecuted, and none hindereth." 2680, "And in that day did the Lord GOD of hosts call to weeping, and to mourning, and to baldness, and to girding with sackcloth:" 2240, "Of the increase of his government and peace there shall be no end, upon the throne of David, and upon his kingdom, to order it, and to establish it with judgment and with justice from henceforth even for ever. The zeal of the LORD of hosts will perform this." 11300, "And the mean man boweth down, and the great man humbleth himself: therefore forgive them not." 2700, "Therefore is the anger of the LORD kindled against his people, and he hath stretched forth his hand against them, and hath smitten them: and the hills did tremble, and their carcases were torn in the midst of the streets. For all this his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out still." 1950, "What profit hath he that worketh in that wherein he laboureth?" 3260, "I made me pools of water, to water therewith the wood that bringeth forth trees:" 2150, "And in that day thou shalt say, O LORD, I will praise thee: though thou wast angry with me, thine anger is turned away, and thou comfortedst me." 2980, "Moreover the LORD saith, Because the daughters of Zion are haughty, and walk with stretched forth necks and wanton eyes, walking and mincing as they go, and making a tinkling with their feet:" 2780, "How fair and how pleasant art thou, O love, for delights!" 2820, "And upon all the ships of Tarshish, and upon all pleasant pictures." 2480, "Lift ye up a banner upon the high mountain, exalt the voice unto them, shake the hand, that they may go into the gates of the nobles." 2360, "As a bird that wandereth from her nest, so is a man that wandereth from his place." 2910, "And in that day seven women shall take hold of one man, saying, We will eat our own bread, and wear our own apparel: only let us be called by thy name, to take away our reproach." 5760, "My vineyard, which is mine, is before me: thou, O Solomon, must have a thousand, and those that keep the fruit thereof two hundred." 3370, "As a thorn goeth up into the hand of a drunkard, so is a parable in the mouth of fools." 2480, "Behold, I and the children whom the LORD hath given me are for signs and for wonders in Israel from the LORD of hosts, which dwelleth in mount Zion." 2740, "They that see thee shall narrowly look upon thee, and consider thee, saying, Is this the man that made the earth to tremble, that did shake kingdoms;" 6040, "But now the LORD hath spoken, saying, Within three years, as the years of an hireling, and the glory of Moab shall be contemned, with all that great multitude; and the remnant shall be very small and feeble." 1890, "I went by the field of the slothful, and by the vineyard of the man void of understanding;" 3530, "This is the purpose that is purposed upon the whole earth: and this is the hand that is stretched out upon all the nations." 3010, "Lay not wait, O wicked man, against the dwelling of the righteous; spoil not his resting place:" 2470, "For he saith, By the strength of my hand I have done it, and by my wisdom; for I am prudent: and I have removed the bounds of the people, and have robbed their treasures, and I have put down the inhabitants like a valiant man:" 2040, "In that day shall Israel be the third with Egypt and with Assyria, even a blessing in the midst of the land:" 3090, "The north wind driveth away rain: so doth an angry countenance a backbiting tongue." 2520, "So shall the knowledge of wisdom be unto thy soul: when thou hast found it, then there shall be a reward, and thy expectation shall not be cut off." 2740, "She girdeth her loins with strength, and strengtheneth her arms." 5500, "A man that doeth violence to the blood of any person shall flee to the pit; let no man stay him." 2600, "For wisdom is a defence, and money is a defence: but the excellency of knowledge is, that wisdom giveth life to them that have it." 2980, "For the LORD of hosts hath purposed, and who shall disannul it? and his hand is stretched out, and who shall turn it back?" 4440, "A time to love, and a time to hate; a time of war, and a time of peace." 41600, "But they shall fly upon the shoulders of the Philistines toward the west; they shall spoil them of the east together: they shall lay their hand upon Edom and Moab; and the children of Ammon shall obey them." 2680, "Let us go up against Judah, and vex it, and let us make a breach therein for us, and set a king in the midst of it, even the son of Tabeal:" 2030, "Woe to the multitude of many people, which make a noise like the noise of the seas; and to the rushing of nations, that make a rushing like the rushing of mighty waters!" 2390, "Until the day break, and the shadows flee away, I will get me to the mountain of myrrh, and to the hill of frankincense." 2260, "The watchmen that went about the city found me, they smote me, they wounded me; the keepers of the walls took away my veil from me." 2400, "It is good that thou shouldest take hold of this; yea, also from this withdraw not thine hand: for he that feareth God shall come forth of them all." 2300, "The noise of a multitude in the mountains, like as of a great people; a tumultuous noise of the kingdoms of nations gathered together: the LORD of hosts mustereth the host of the battle." 2130, "Ask thee a sign of the LORD thy God; ask it either in the depth, or in the height above." 2700, "In the same day shall the Lord shave with a razor that is hired, namely, by them beyond the river, by the king of Assyria, the head, and the hair of the feet: and it shall also consume the beard." 2270, "And the posts of the door moved at the voice of him that cried, and the house was filled with smoke." 4960, "Fret not thyself because of evil men, neither be thou envious at the wicked;" 2980, "And when they shall say unto you, Seek unto them that have familiar spirits, and unto wizards that peep, and that mutter: should not a people seek unto their God? for the living to the dead?" 4610, "Therefore the abundance they have gotten, and that which they have laid up, shall they carry away to the brook of the willows." 1870, "Then said I, Woe is me! for I am undone; because I am a man of unclean lips, and I dwell in the midst of a people of unclean lips: for mine eyes have seen the King, the LORD of hosts." 5960, "All things have I seen in the days of my vanity: there is a just man that perisheth in his righteousness, and there is a wicked man that prolongeth his life in his wickedness." 2320, "Thy neck is as a tower of ivory; thine eyes like the fishpools in Heshbon, by the gate of Bathrabbim: thy nose is as the tower of Lebanon which looketh toward Damascus." 4930, "He that sendeth a message by the hand of a fool cutteth off the feet, and drinketh damage." 2480, "For in the multitude of dreams and many words there are also divers vanities: but fear thou God." 2540, "For the leaders of this people cause them to err; and they that are led of them are destroyed." 4200, "When righteous men do rejoice, there is great glory: but when the wicked rise, a man is hidden." 2470, "Who hath ascended up into heaven, or descended? who hath gathered the wind in his fists? who hath bound the waters in a garment? who hath established all the ends of the earth? what is his name, and what is his son's name, if thou canst tell?" 4740, "Who is this that cometh out of the wilderness like pillars of smoke, perfumed with myrrh and frankincense, with all powders of the merchant?" 2430, "For that which befalleth the sons of men befalleth beasts; even one thing befalleth them: as the one dieth, so dieth the other; yea, they have all one breath; so that a man hath no preeminence above a beast: for all is vanity." 3670, "For yet a very little while, and the indignation shall cease, and mine anger in their destruction." 2170, "Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter: Fear God, and keep his commandments: for this is the whole duty of man." 23900, "The envy also of Ephraim shall depart, and the adversaries of Judah shall be cut off: Ephraim shall not envy Judah, and Judah shall not vex Ephraim." 2770, "O my dove, that art in the clefts of the rock, in the secret places of the stairs, let me see thy countenance, let me hear thy voice; for sweet is thy voice, and thy countenance is comely." 2670, "I am a wall, and my breasts like towers: then was I in his eyes as one that found favour." 3300, "For the head of Syria is Damascus, and the head of Damascus is Rezin; and within threescore and five years shall Ephraim be broken, that it be not a people." 2240, "And the inhabitant of this isle shall say in that day, Behold, such is our expectation, whither we flee for help to be delivered from the king of Assyria: and how shall we escape?" 1720, "Thy neck is like the tower of David builded for an armoury, whereon there hang a thousand bucklers, all shields of mighty men." 2220, "At that day shall a man look to his Maker, and his eyes shall have respect to the Holy One of Israel." 2960, "I opened to my beloved; but my beloved had withdrawn himself, and was gone: my soul failed when he spake: I sought him, but I could not find him; I called him, but he gave me no answer." 2750, "She riseth also while it is yet night, and giveth meat to her household, and a portion to her maidens." 5690, "For before the child shall know to refuse the evil, and choose the good, the land that thou abhorrest shall be forsaken of both her kings." 2790, "Thy lips, O my spouse, drop as the honeycomb: honey and milk are under thy tongue; and the smell of thy garments is like the smell of Lebanon." 2500, "When I applied mine heart to know wisdom, and to see the business that is done upon the earth: (for also there is that neither day nor night seeth sleep with his eyes:)" 1610, "She maketh fine linen, and selleth it; and delivereth girdles unto the merchant." 4840, "I have put off my coat; how shall I put it on? I have washed my feet; how shall I defile them?" 2530, "Live joyfully with the wife whom thou lovest all the days of the life of thy vanity, which he hath given thee under the sun, all the days of thy vanity: for that is thy portion in this life, and in thy labour which thou takest under the sun." 2760, "The lambs are for thy clothing, and the goats are the price of the field." 2690, "For there is no remembrance of the wise more than of the fool for ever; seeing that which now is in the days to come shall all be forgotten. And how dieth the wise man? as the fool." 3000, "As coals are to burning coals, and wood to fire; so is a contentious man to kindle strife." 9400, "Wash you, make you clean; put away the evil of your doings from before mine eyes; cease to do evil;" 8120, "Thou hast ravished my heart, my sister, my spouse; thou hast ravished my heart with one of thine eyes, with one chain of thy neck." 2510, "They that forsake the law praise the wicked: but such as keep the law contend with them." 3100, "A bundle of myrrh is my wellbeloved unto me; he shall lie all night betwixt my breasts." 3290, "Prepare slaughter for his children for the iniquity of their fathers; that they do not rise, nor possess the land, nor fill the face of the world with cities." 3440, "Accuse not a servant unto his master, lest he curse thee, and thou be found guilty." 2530, "Truly the light is sweet, and a pleasant thing it is for the eyes to behold the sun:" 8040, "There is a generation, whose teeth are as swords, and their jaw teeth as knives, to devour the poor from off the earth, and the needy from among men." 3000, "My beloved is mine, and I am his: he feedeth among the lilies." 5010, "Therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign; Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name Immanuel." 22300, "Whose hatred is covered by deceit, his wickedness shall be shewed before the whole congregation." 2470, "Be not thou envious against evil men, neither desire to be with them." 2820, "The bonnets, and the ornaments of the legs, and the headbands, and the tablets, and the earrings," 2890, "Therefore are my loins filled with pain: pangs have taken hold upon me, as the pangs of a woman that travaileth: I was bowed down at the hearing of it; I was dismayed at the seeing of it." 1810, "Your country is desolate, your cities are burned with fire: your land, strangers devour it in your presence, and it is desolate, as overthrown by strangers." 3110, "Their children also shall be dashed to pieces before their eyes; their houses shall be spoiled, and their wives ravished." 5420, "Therefore I hated life; because the work that is wrought under the sun is grievous unto me: for all is vanity and vexation of spirit." 2200, "Zion shall be redeemed with judgment, and her converts with righteousness." 3320, "Woe unto them that are mighty to drink wine, and men of strength to mingle strong drink:" 4880, "The sluggard is wiser in his own conceit than seven men that can render a reason." 2980, "Though a sinner do evil an hundred times, and his days be prolonged, yet surely I know that it shall be well with them that fear God, which fear before him:" 3300, "And in that day shall ye say, Praise the LORD, call upon his name, declare his doings among the people, make mention that his name is exalted." 3630, "For their heart studieth destruction, and their lips talk of mischief." 2270, "The ants are a people not strong, yet they prepare their meat in the summer;" 3900, "What profit hath a man of all his labour which he taketh under the sun?" 4360, "As the cold of snow in the time of harvest, so is a faithful messenger to them that send him: for he refresheth the soul of his masters." 2900, "A time to cast away stones, and a time to gather stones together; a time to embrace, and a time to refrain from embracing;" 23100, "Suffer not thy mouth to cause thy flesh to sin; neither say thou before the angel, that it was an error: wherefore should God be angry at thy voice, and destroy the work of thine hands?" 2600, "Rejoice, O young man, in thy youth; and let thy heart cheer thee in the days of thy youth, and walk in the ways of thine heart, and in the sight of thine eyes: but know thou, that for all these things God will bring thee into judgment." 3850, "For the Lord GOD of hosts shall make a consumption, even determined, in the midst of all the land." 2580, "The rings, and nose jewels," 2990, "For the day of the LORD of hosts shall be upon every one that is proud and lofty, and upon every one that is lifted up; and he shall be brought low:" 4490, "In that day shall there be a highway out of Egypt to Assyria, and the Assyrian shall come into Egypt, and the Egyptian into Assyria, and the Egyptians shall serve with the Assyrians." 2690, "I have seen servants upon horses, and princes walking as servants upon the earth." 3320, "And if one prevail against him, two shall withstand him; and a threefold cord is not quickly broken." 4780, "Butter and honey shall he eat, that he may know to refuse the evil, and choose the good." 5350, "For the stars of heaven and the constellations thereof shall not give their light: the sun shall be darkened in his going forth, and the moon shall not cause her light to shine." 6020, "In that day shall the branch of the LORD be beautiful and glorious, and the fruit of the earth shall be excellent and comely for them that are escaped of Israel." 3100, "I rose up to open to my beloved; and my hands dropped with myrrh, and my fingers with sweet smelling myrrh, upon the handles of the lock." 2390, "The locusts have no king, yet go they forth all of them by bands;" 2990, "The fear of man bringeth a snare: but whoso putteth his trust in the LORD shall be safe." 5520, "And I took unto me faithful witnesses to record, Uriah the priest, and Zechariah the son of Jeberechiah." 2330, "Whoso boasteth himself of a false gift is like clouds and wind without rain." 2760, "Then said I in my heart, As it happeneth to the fool, so it happeneth even to me; and why was I then more wise? Then I said in my heart, that this also is vanity." 2240, "And the loftiness of man shall be bowed down, and the haughtiness of men shall be made low: and the LORD alone shall be exalted in that day." 3350, "All the labour of man is for his mouth, and yet the appetite is not filled." 2410, "And upon every high tower, and upon every fenced wall," 2960, "If thou faint in the day of adversity, thy strength is small." 6020, "Therefore shall Moab howl for Moab, every one shall howl: for the foundations of Kirhareseth shall ye mourn; surely they are stricken." 1640, "They shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain: for the earth shall be full of the knowledge of the LORD, as the waters cover the sea." 10300, "And he cried, A lion: My lord, I stand continually upon the watchtower in the daytime, and I am set in my ward whole nights:" 2130, "Wherefore my bowels shall sound like an harp for Moab, and mine inward parts for Kirharesh." 1810, "And he said, Hear ye now, O house of David; Is it a small thing for you to weary men, but will ye weary my God also?" 3000, "For who can eat, or who else can hasten hereunto, more than I?" 1980, "The ancient and honourable, he is the head; and the prophet that teacheth lies, he is the tail." 2490, "And he said, Go, and tell this people, Hear ye indeed, but understand not; and see ye indeed, but perceive not." 5040, "They all hold swords, being expert in war: every man hath his sword upon his thigh because of fear in the night." 2630, "I am the rose of Sharon, and the lily of the valleys." 20900, "All they shall speak and say unto thee, Art thou also become weak as we? art thou become like unto us?" 3620, "Is not Calno as Carchemish? is not Hamath as Arpad? is not Samaria as Damascus?" 2400, "For three things the earth is disquieted, and for four which it cannot bear:" 2630, "And Heshbon shall cry, and Elealeh: their voice shall be heard even unto Jahaz: therefore the armed soldiers of Moab shall cry out; his life shall be grievous unto him." 1770, "Confidence in an unfaithful man in time of trouble is like a broken tooth, and a foot out of joint." 3520, "The conies are but a feeble folk, yet make they their houses in the rocks;" 2840, "He made the pillars thereof of silver, the bottom thereof of gold, the covering of it of purple, the midst thereof being paved with love, for the daughters of Jerusalem." 2350, "And the Egyptians will I give over into the hand of a cruel lord; and a fierce king shall rule over them, saith the Lord, the LORD of hosts." 2570, "Two are better than one; because they have a good reward for their labour." 17200, "Wisdom is better than weapons of war: but one sinner destroyeth much good." 2770, "And I turned myself to behold wisdom, and madness, and folly: for what can the man do that cometh after the king? even that which hath been already done." 2190, "Then I commended mirth, because a man hath no better thing under the sun, than to eat, and to drink, and to be merry: for that shall abide with him of his labour the days of his life, which God giveth him under the sun." 3600, "For riches are not for ever: and doth the crown endure to every generation?" 2820, "I went down into the garden of nuts to see the fruits of the valley, and to see whether the vine flourished, and the pomegranates budded." 3760, "The horseleach hath two daughters, crying, Give, give. There are three things that are never satisfied, yea, four things say not, It is enough:" 2820, "And say unto him, Take heed, and be quiet; fear not, neither be fainthearted for the two tails of these smoking firebrands, for the fierce anger of Rezin with Syria, and of the son of Remaliah." 2330, "Whoso keepeth the law is a wise son: but he that is a companion of riotous men shameth his father." 2580, "The wind goeth toward the south, and turneth about unto the north; it whirleth about continually, and the wind returneth again according to his circuits." 4770, "And many among them shall stumble, and fall, and be broken, and be snared, and be taken." 3500, "She seeketh wool, and flax, and worketh willingly with her hands." 14900, "And by knowledge shall the chambers be filled with all precious and pleasant riches." 5130, "I sought in mine heart to give myself unto wine, yet acquainting mine heart with wisdom; and to lay hold on folly, till I might see what was that good for the sons of men, which they should do under the heaven all the days of their life." 2170, "For, lo, the winter is past, the rain is over and gone;" 18800, "The preacher sought to find out acceptable words: and that which was written was upright, even words of truth." 2640, "But the LORD of hosts shall be exalted in judgment, and God that is holy shall be sanctified in righteousness." 2590, "And the LORD shall smite Egypt: he shall smite and heal it: and they shall return even to the LORD, and he shall be intreated of them, and shall heal them." 2030, "And the spirit of the LORD shall rest upon him, the spirit of wisdom and understanding, the spirit of counsel and might, the spirit of knowledge and of the fear of the LORD;" 17300, "And the waters shall fail from the sea, and the river shall be wasted and dried up." 2580, "Moreover the profit of the earth is for all: the king himself is served by the field." 2870, "I will make a man more precious than fine gold; even a man than the golden wedge of Ophir." 4900, "Therefore thou hast forsaken thy people the house of Jacob, because they be replenished from the east, and are soothsayers like the Philistines, and they please themselves in the children of strangers." 2120, "For out of prison he cometh to reign; whereas also he that is born in his kingdom becometh poor." 2650, "A word fitly spoken is like apples of gold in pictures of silver." 15200, "Cast thy bread upon the waters: for thou shalt find it after many days." 9990, "Therefore said I, Look away from me; I will weep bitterly, labour not to comfort me, because of the spoiling of the daughter of my people." 2120, "Prepare thy work without, and make it fit for thyself in the field; and afterwards build thine house." 2760, "The ox knoweth his owner, and the ass his master's crib: but Israel doth not know, my people doth not consider." 4900, "All things are full of labour; man cannot utter it: the eye is not satisfied with seeing, nor the ear filled with hearing." 3420, "Yea, I hated all my labour which I had taken under the sun: because I should leave it unto the man that shall be after me." 1980, "And he shall be for a sanctuary; but for a stone of stumbling and for a rock of offence to both the houses of Israel, for a gin and for a snare to the inhabitants of Jerusalem." 3550, "A whip for the horse, a bridle for the ass, and a rod for the fool's back." 3480, "She looketh well to the ways of her household, and eateth not the bread of idleness." 13000, "Therefore the Lord will smite with a scab the crown of the head of the daughters of Zion, and the LORD will discover their secret parts." 3310, "Ye have seen also the breaches of the city of David, that they are many: and ye gathered together the waters of the lower pool." 1570, "If a man beget an hundred children, and live many years, so that the days of his years be many, and his soul be not filled with good, and also that he have no burial; I say, that an untimely birth is better than he." 3370, "When the wicked rise, men hide themselves: but when they perish, the righteous increase." 2420, "As the apple tree among the trees of the wood, so is my beloved among the sons. I sat down under his shadow with great delight, and his fruit was sweet to my taste." 4290, "Debate thy cause with thy neighbour himself; and discover not a secret to another:" 2260, "All this have I proved by wisdom: I said, I will be wise; but it was far from me." 2780, "To the law and to the testimony: if they speak not according to this word, it is because there is no light in them." 23000, "If ye be willing and obedient, ye shall eat the good of the land:" 12500, "It is the glory of God to conceal a thing: but the honour of kings is to search out a matter." 9930, "That which is crooked cannot be made straight: and that which is wanting cannot be numbered." 3030, "For as the crackling of thorns under a pot, so is the laughter of the fool: this also is vanity." 2800, "They are gone over the passage: they have taken up their lodging at Geba; Ramah is afraid; Gibeah of Saul is fled." 2010, "All things come alike to all: there is one event to the righteous, and to the wicked; to the good and to the clean, and to the unclean; to him that sacrificeth, and to him that sacrificeth not: as is the good, so is the sinner; and he that sweareth, as he that feareth an oath." 2840, "Folly is set in great dignity, and the rich sit in low place." 2250, "The word that Isaiah the son of Amoz saw concerning Judah and Jerusalem." 6710, "A feast is made for laughter, and wine maketh merry: but money answereth all things." 3990, "If she be a wall, we will build upon her a palace of silver: and if she be a door, we will inclose her with boards of cedar." 3260, "My son, give me thine heart, and let thine eyes observe my ways." 4490, "For ye shall be as an oak whose leaf fadeth, and as a garden that hath no water." 2550, "The heaven for height, and the earth for depth, and the heart of kings is unsearchable." 2670, "And it shall come to pass in that day, that a man shall nourish a young cow, and two sheep;" 2190, "Rejoice not thou, whole Palestina, because the rod of him that smote thee is broken: for out of the serpent's root shall come forth a cockatrice, and his fruit shall be a fiery flying serpent." 2530, "And behold at eveningtide trouble; and before the morning he is not. This is the portion of them that spoil us, and the lot of them that rob us." 2210, "There is no end of all the people, even of all that have been before them: they also that come after shall not rejoice in him. Surely this also is vanity and vexation of spirit." 3000, "Hear the word of the LORD, ye rulers of Sodom; give ear unto the law of our God, ye people of Gomorrah." 4110, "And what will ye do in the day of visitation, and in the desolation which shall come from far? to whom will ye flee for help? and where will ye leave your glory?" 2280, "As he came forth of his mother's womb, naked shall he return to go as he came, and shall take nothing of his labour, which he may carry away in his hand." 2670, "Two things have I required of thee; deny me them not before I die:" 3220, "The lofty looks of man shall be humbled, and the haughtiness of men shall be bowed down, and the LORD alone shall be exalted in that day." 4220, "And it shall come to pass in that day, that the LORD shall hiss for the fly that is in the uttermost part of the rivers of Egypt, and for the bee that is in the land of Assyria." 2180, "That say, Let him make speed, and hasten his work, that we may see it: and let the counsel of the Holy One of Israel draw nigh and come, that we may know it!" 2390, "For so the LORD said unto me, I will take my rest, and I will consider in my dwelling place like a clear heat upon herbs, and like a cloud of dew in the heat of harvest." 2270, "Make the heart of this people fat, and make their ears heavy, and shut their eyes; lest they see with their eyes, and hear with their ears, and understand with their heart, and convert, and be healed." 5050, "Seeing there be many things that increase vanity, what is man the better?" 2450, "This wisdom have I seen also under the sun, and it seemed great unto me:" 2290, "In that time shall the present be brought unto the LORD of hosts of a people scattered and peeled, and from a people terrible from their beginning hitherto; a nation meted out and trodden under foot, whose land the rivers have spoiled, to the place of the name of the LORD of hosts, the mount Zion." 2010, "If thou seest the oppression of the poor, and violent perverting of judgment and justice in a province, marvel not at the matter: for he that is higher than the highest regardeth; and there be higher than they." 2840, "Her husband is known in the gates, when he sitteth among the elders of the land." 6070, "To go into the clefts of the rocks, and into the tops of the ragged rocks, for fear of the LORD, and for the glory of his majesty, when he ariseth to shake terribly the earth." 3050, "Therefore shall all hands be faint, and every man's heart shall melt:" 3820, "The words of the wise are as goads, and as nails fastened by the masters of assemblies, which are given from one shepherd." 2830, "The mandrakes give a smell, and at our gates are all manner of pleasant fruits, new and old, which I have laid up for thee, O my beloved." 3280, "There is one alone, and there is not a second; yea, he hath neither child nor brother: yet is there no end of all his labour; neither is his eye satisfied with riches; neither saith he, For whom do I labour, and bereave my soul of good? This is also vanity, yea, it is a sore travail." 2680, "If the spirit of the ruler rise up against thee, leave not thy place; for yielding pacifieth great offences." 2170, "In the day when the keepers of the house shall tremble, and the strong men shall bow themselves, and the grinders cease because they are few, and those that look out of the windows be darkened," 3190, "It is not good to eat much honey: so for men to search their own glory is not glory." 2560, "My beloved put in his hand by the hole of the door, and my bowels were moved for him." 3080, "The voice of my beloved! behold, he cometh leaping upon the mountains, skipping upon the hills." 3920, "As for my people, children are their oppressors, and women rule over them. O my people, they which lead thee cause thee to err, and destroy the way of thy paths." 3950, "Open rebuke is better than secret love." 6940, "In their streets they shall gird themselves with sackcloth: on the tops of their houses, and in their streets, every one shall howl, weeping abundantly." 1620, "Hell from beneath is moved for thee to meet thee at thy coming: it stirreth up the dead for thee, even all the chief ones of the earth; it hath raised up from their thrones all the kings of the nations." 4210, "In that day shall five cities in the land of Egypt speak the language of Canaan, and swear to the LORD of hosts; one shall be called, The city of destruction." 2200, "Send ye the lamb to the ruler of the land from Sela to the wilderness, unto the mount of the daughter of Zion." 1930, "But if ye refuse and rebel, ye shall be devoured with the sword: for the mouth of the LORD hath spoken it." 4740, "There is an evil which I have seen under the sun, and it is common among men:" 18100, "I made me great works; I builded me houses; I planted me vineyards:" 2200, "The heart of her husband doth safely trust in her, so that he shall have no need of spoil." 9050, "Draw me, we will run after thee: the king hath brought me into his chambers: we will be glad and rejoice in thee, we will remember thy love more than wine: the upright love thee." 3430, "Whoso walketh uprightly shall be saved: but he that is perverse in his ways shall fall at once." 2620, "I will rise now, and go about the city in the streets, and in the broad ways I will seek him whom my soul loveth: I sought him, but I found him not." 2670, "Every man also to whom God hath given riches and wealth, and hath given him power to eat thereof, and to take his portion, and to rejoice in his labour; this is the gift of God." 2510, "Therefore shall the Lord, the Lord of hosts, send among his fat ones leanness; and under his glory he shall kindle a burning like the burning of a fire." 2110, "She considereth a field, and buyeth it: with the fruit of her hands she planteth a vineyard." 5950, "Whoso causeth the righteous to go astray in an evil way, he shall fall himself into his own pit: but the upright shall have good things in possession." 2350, "Whoso diggeth a pit shall fall therein: and he that rolleth a stone, it will return upon him." 3000, "And it shall come to pass in that day, that every place shall be, where there were a thousand vines at a thousand silverlings, it shall even be for briers and thorns." 2140, "Be not hasty to go out of his sight: stand not in an evil thing; for he doeth whatsoever pleaseth him." 3180, "At the same time spake the LORD by Isaiah the son of Amoz, saying, Go and loose the sackcloth from off thy loins, and put off thy shoe from thy foot. And he did so, walking naked and barefoot." 2130, "She perceiveth that her merchandise is good: her candle goeth not out by night." 5320, "Spikenard and saffron; calamus and cinnamon, with all trees of frankincense; myrrh and aloes, with all the chief spices:" 3250, "Behold his bed, which is Solomon's; threescore valiant men are about it, of the valiant of Israel." 2180, "The thought of foolishness is sin: and the scorner is an abomination to men." 2650, "And, behold, here cometh a chariot of men, with a couple of horsemen. And he answered and said, Babylon is fallen, is fallen; and all the graven images of her gods he hath broken unto the ground." 2230, "And he shall cut down the thickets of the forest with iron, and Lebanon shall fall by a mighty one." 2180, "Where are they? where are thy wise men? and let them tell thee now, and let them know what the LORD of hosts hath purposed upon Egypt." 1800, "Every word of God is pure: he is a shield unto them that put their trust in him." 15800, "I am come into my garden, my sister, my spouse: I have gathered my myrrh with my spice; I have eaten my honeycomb with my honey; I have drunk my wine with my milk: eat, O friends; drink, yea, drink abundantly, O beloved." 2550, "And the wild beasts of the islands shall cry in their desolate houses, and dragons in their pleasant palaces: and her time is near to come, and her days shall not be prolonged." 2270, "In that day the Lord will take away the bravery of their tinkling ornaments about their feet, and their cauls, and their round tires like the moon," 3070, "Thou art beautiful, O my love, as Tirzah, comely as Jerusalem, terrible as an army with banners." 2440, "My dove, my undefiled is but one; she is the only one of her mother, she is the choice one of her that bare her. The daughters saw her, and blessed her; yea, the queens and the concubines, and they praised her." 2090, "For oftentimes also thine own heart knoweth that thou thyself likewise hast cursed others." 2120, "Their bows also shall dash the young men to pieces; and they shall have no pity on the fruit of the womb; their eye shall not spare children." 2330, "The remnant shall return, even the remnant of Jacob, unto the mighty God." 3630, "My son, eat thou honey, because it is good; and the honeycomb, which is sweet to thy taste:" 3130, "And it shall be as when the harvestman gathereth the corn, and reapeth the ears with his arm; and it shall be as he that gathereth ears in the valley of Rephaim." 2240, "For a just man falleth seven times, and riseth up again: but the wicked shall fall into mischief." 3970, "For thou hast said in thine heart, I will ascend into heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars of God: I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation, in the sides of the north:" 20000, "How fair is thy love, my sister, my spouse! how much better is thy love than wine! and the smell of thine ointments than all spices!" 2520, "My beloved is white and ruddy, the chiefest among ten thousand." 4240, "The Syrians before, and the Philistines behind; and they shall devour Israel with open mouth. For all this his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out still." 2670, "Let us get up early to the vineyards; let us see if the vine flourish, whether the tender grape appear, and the pomegranates bud forth: there will I give thee my loves." 2380, "Then said the LORD unto Isaiah, Go forth now to meet Ahaz, thou, and Shearjashub thy son, at the end of the conduit of the upper pool in the highway of the fuller's field;" 2420, "Yea, better is he than both they, which hath not yet been, who hath not seen the evil work that is done under the sun." 2660, "For there shall be no reward to the evil man; the candle of the wicked shall be put out." 2910, "Whither is thy beloved gone, O thou fairest among women? whither is thy beloved turned aside? that we may seek him with thee." 3500, "Remove far from me vanity and lies: give me neither poverty nor riches; feed me with food convenient for me:" 4720, "They that tarry long at the wine; they that go to seek mixed wine." 5140, "Yea, though he live a thousand years twice told, yet hath he seen no good: do not all go to one place?" 2160, "The vision of Isaiah the son of Amoz, which he saw concerning Judah and Jerusalem in the days of Uzziah, Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, kings of Judah." 9670, "If thou sayest, Behold, we knew it not; doth not he that pondereth the heart consider it? and he that keepeth thy soul, doth not he know it? and shall not he render to every man according to his works?" 3680, "The flowers appear on the earth; the time of the singing of birds is come, and the voice of the turtle is heard in our land;" 8820, "There is a sore evil which I have seen under the sun, namely, riches kept for the owners thereof to their hurt." 4100, "Who is as the wise man? and who knoweth the interpretation of a thing? a man's wisdom maketh his face to shine, and the boldness of his face shall be changed." 2200, "If the iron be blunt, and he do not whet the edge, then must he put to more strength: but wisdom is profitable to direct." 2500, "Strength and honour are her clothing; and she shall rejoice in time to come." 7080, "Therefore my people are gone into captivity, because they have no knowledge: and their honourable men are famished, and their multitude dried up with thirst." 2740, "And there shall be a tabernacle for a shadow in the daytime from the heat, and for a place of refuge, and for a covert from storm and from rain." 2600, "And the LORD have removed men far away, and there be a great forsaking in the midst of the land." 2800, "She maketh herself coverings of tapestry; her clothing is silk and purple." 5570, "Wisdom is too high for a fool: he openeth not his mouth in the gate." 2330, "And it was told the house of David, saying, Syria is confederate with Ephraim. And his heart was moved, and the heart of his people, as the trees of the wood are moved with the wind." 2200, "And behold joy and gladness, slaying oxen, and killing sheep, eating flesh, and drinking wine: let us eat and drink; for to morrow we shall die." 2260, "And on all hills that shall be digged with the mattock, there shall not come thither the fear of briers and thorns: but it shall be for the sending forth of oxen, and for the treading of lesser cattle." 2210, "And I will turn my hand upon thee, and purely purge away thy dross, and take away all thy tin:" 3330, "If the clouds be full of rain, they empty themselves upon the earth: and if the tree fall toward the south, or toward the north, in the place where the tree falleth, there it shall be." 2920, "There is a generation that curseth their father, and doth not bless their mother." 3090, "Then flew one of the seraphims unto me, having a live coal in his hand, which he had taken with the tongs from off the altar:" 4080, "She is like the merchants' ships; she bringeth her food from afar." 6270, "Better is an handful with quietness, than both the hands full with travail and vexation of spirit." 3540, "When the righteous are in authority, the people rejoice: but when the wicked beareth rule, the people mourn." 9140, "Therefore I went about to cause my heart to despair of all the labour which I took under the sun." 2080, "Vanity of vanities, saith the Preacher, vanity of vanities; all is vanity." 7390, "For, behold, the Lord, the LORD of hosts, doth take away from Jerusalem and from Judah the stay and the staff, the whole stay of bread, and the whole stay of water," 2660, "A grievous vision is declared unto me; the treacherous dealer dealeth treacherously, and the spoiler spoileth. Go up, O Elam: besiege, O Media; all the sighing thereof have I made to cease." 2250, "And when ye spread forth your hands, I will hide mine eyes from you: yea, when ye make many prayers, I will not hear: your hands are full of blood." 5940, "I charge you, O ye daughters of Jerusalem, by the roes, and by the hinds of the field, that ye stir not up, nor awake my love, till he please." 3500, "And whatsoever mine eyes desired I kept not from them, I withheld not my heart from any joy; for my heart rejoiced in all my labour: and this was my portion of all my labour." 2200, "Wisdom strengtheneth the wise more than ten mighty men which are in the city." 2560, "The words of the Preacher, the son of David, king in Jerusalem." 6230, "Bind up the testimony, seal the law among my disciples." 5400, "Thus saith the Lord GOD, It shall not stand, neither shall it come to pass." 2450, "Scornful men bring a city into a snare: but wise men turn away wrath." 2150, "I got me servants and maidens, and had servants born in my house; also I had great possessions of great and small cattle above all that were in Jerusalem before me:" 1850, "The words of wise men are heard in quiet more than the cry of him that ruleth among fools." 3380, "And the doors shall be shut in the streets, when the sound of the grinding is low, and he shall rise up at the voice of the bird, and all the daughters of musick shall be brought low;" 2410, "The burden of Egypt. Behold, the LORD rideth upon a swift cloud, and shall come into Egypt: and the idols of Egypt shall be moved at his presence, and the heart of Egypt shall melt in the midst of it." 2890, "And shall make him of quick understanding in the fear of the LORD: and he shall not judge after the sight of his eyes, neither reprove after the hearing of his ears:" 6090, "Therefore saith the Lord, the LORD of hosts, the mighty One of Israel, Ah, I will ease me of mine adversaries, and avenge me of mine enemies:" 3030, "He, that being often reproved hardeneth his neck, shall suddenly be destroyed, and that without remedy." 5000, "Woe unto them that join house to house, that lay field to field, till there be no place, that they may be placed alone in the midst of the earth!" 2510, "His hands are as gold rings set with the beryl: his belly is as bright ivory overlaid with sapphires." 2660, "Remember now thy Creator in the days of thy youth, while the evil days come not, nor the years draw nigh, when thou shalt say, I have no pleasure in them;" 6410, "And the people shall be oppressed, every one by another, and every one by his neighbour: the child shall behave himself proudly against the ancient, and the base against the honourable." 2200, "Thy men shall fall by the sword, and thy mighty in the war." 2900, "For he shall not much remember the days of his life; because God answereth him in the joy of his heart." 2650, "The spider taketh hold with her hands, and is in kings' palaces." 2920, "Who hath woe? who hath sorrow? who hath contentions? who hath babbling? who hath wounds without cause? who hath redness of eyes?" 4280, "Because Syria, Ephraim, and the son of Remaliah, have taken evil counsel against thee, saying," 2400, "Shall I not, as I have done unto Samaria and her idols, so do to Jerusalem and her idols?" 2570, "There is no remembrance of former things; neither shall there be any remembrance of things that are to come with those that shall come after." 5010, "And there shall be an highway for the remnant of his people, which shall be left, from Assyria; like as it was to Israel in the day that he came up out of the land of Egypt." 2860, "The bricks are fallen down, but we will build with hewn stones: the sycomores are cut down, but we will change them into cedars." 4210, "And he shall snatch on the right hand, and be hungry; and he shall eat on the left hand, and they shall not be satisfied: they shall eat every man the flesh of his own arm:" 2360, "Also take no heed unto all words that are spoken; lest thou hear thy servant curse thee:" 2480, "So I returned, and considered all the oppressions that are done under the sun: and behold the tears of such as were oppressed, and they had no comforter; and on the side of their oppressors there was power; but they had no comforter." 2720, "The Lord sent a word into Jacob, and it hath lighted upon Israel." 2750, "Many daughters have done virtuously, but thou excellest them all." 7820, "Thine own friend, and thy father's friend, forsake not; neither go into thy brother's house in the day of thy calamity: for better is a neighbour that is near than a brother far off." 2490, "When the Lord shall have washed away the filth of the daughters of Zion, and shall have purged the blood of Jerusalem from the midst thereof by the spirit of judgment, and by the spirit of burning." 3250, "Seest thou a man wise in his own conceit? there is more hope of a fool than of him." 12100, "I charge you, O daughters of Jerusalem, if ye find my beloved, that ye tell him, that I am sick of love." 2600, "And they shall be afraid and ashamed of Ethiopia their expectation, and of Egypt their glory." 2270, "And I went unto the prophetess; and she conceived, and bare a son. Then said the LORD to me, Call his name Mahershalalhashbaz." 2530, "Through the wrath of the LORD of hosts is the land darkened, and the people shall be as the fuel of the fire: no man shall spare his brother." 2330, "We will make thee borders of gold with studs of silver." 3220, "I communed with mine own heart, saying, Lo, I am come to great estate, and have gotten more wisdom than all they that have been before me in Jerusalem: yea, my heart had great experience of wisdom and knowledge." 2250, "The nations shall rush like the rushing of many waters: but God shall rebuke them, and they shall flee far off, and shall be chased as the chaff of the mountains before the wind, and like a rolling thing before the whirlwind." 3560, "And he discovered the covering of Judah, and thou didst look in that day to the armour of the house of the forest." 1660, "Prepare the table, watch in the watchtower, eat, drink: arise, ye princes, and anoint the shield." 2450, "And they shall look unto the earth; and behold trouble and darkness, dimness of anguish; and they shall be driven to darkness." 2350, "I have commanded my sanctified ones, I have also called my mighty ones for mine anger, even them that rejoice in my highness." 2200, "Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD of hosts, O my people that dwellest in Zion, be not afraid of the Assyrian: he shall smite thee with a rod, and shall lift up his staff against thee, after the manner of Egypt." 2150, "As my hand hath found the kingdoms of the idols, and whose graven images did excel them of Jerusalem and of Samaria;" 2270, "Thou shalt not be joined with them in burial, because thou hast destroyed thy land, and slain thy people: the seed of evildoers shall never be renowned." 2650, "For the transgression of a land many are the princes thereof: but by a man of understanding and knowledge the state thereof shall be prolonged." 2680, "The mighty man, and the man of war, the judge, and the prophet, and the prudent, and the ancient," 7270, "Your new moons and your appointed feasts my soul hateth: they are a trouble unto me; I am weary to bear them." 5430, "In the year that king Ahaz died was this burden." 2180, "Be not righteous over much; neither make thyself over wise: why shouldest thou destroy thyself?" 2560, "Sorrow is better than laughter: for by the sadness of the countenance the heart is made better." 3990, "The LORD shall bring upon thee, and upon thy people, and upon thy father's house, days that have not come, from the day that Ephraim departed from Judah; even the king of Assyria." 2220, "It is better to dwell in the corner of the housetop, than with a brawling woman and in a wide house." 4030, "For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given: and the government shall be upon his shoulder: and his name shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, The mighty God, The everlasting Father, The Prince of Peace." 30400, "Nevertheless the dimness shall not be such as was in her vexation, when at the first he lightly afflicted the land of Zebulun and the land of Naphtali, and afterward did more grievously afflict her by the way of the sea, beyond Jordan, in Galilee of the nations." 2980, "In that day shall Egypt be like unto women: and it shall be afraid and fear because of the shaking of the hand of the LORD of hosts, which he shaketh over it." 2190, "He will surely violently turn and toss thee like a ball into a large country: there shalt thou die, and there the chariots of thy glory shall be the shame of thy lord's house." 1760, "Learn to do well; seek judgment, relieve the oppressed, judge the fatherless, plead for the widow." 7340, "A wise man's heart is at his right hand; but a fool's heart at his left." 14200, "I know that, whatsoever God doeth, it shall be for ever: nothing can be put to it, nor any thing taken from it: and God doeth it, that men should fear before him." 3990, "There is a generation, O how lofty are their eyes! and their eyelids are lifted up." 3150, "Iron sharpeneth iron; so a man sharpeneth the countenance of his friend." 11500, "All ye inhabitants of the world, and dwellers on the earth, see ye, when he lifteth up an ensign on the mountains; and when he bloweth a trumpet, hear ye." 2280, "Thine eyes shall behold strange women, and thine heart shall utter perverse things." 3570, "In the year that Tartan came unto Ashdod, (when Sargon the king of Assyria sent him,) and fought against Ashdod, and took it;" 2130, "The burden of the valley of vision. What aileth thee now, that thou art wholly gone up to the housetops?" 1820, "Except the LORD of hosts had left unto us a very small remnant, we should have been as Sodom, and we should have been like unto Gomorrah." 3800, "Also when they shall be afraid of that which is high, and fears shall be in the way, and the almond tree shall flourish, and the grasshopper shall be a burden, and desire shall fail: because man goeth to his long home, and the mourners go about the streets:" 3300, "And they shall be broken in the purposes thereof, all that make sluices and ponds for fish." 2110, "Give her of the fruit of her hands; and let her own works praise her in the gates." 12000, "He that by usury and unjust gain increaseth his substance, he shall gather it for him that will pity the poor." 2730, "And gladness is taken away, and joy out of the plentiful field; and in the vineyards there shall be no singing, neither shall there be shouting: the treaders shall tread out no wine in their presses; I have made their vintage shouting to cease." 1850, "The burden of Moab. Because in the night Ar of Moab is laid waste, and brought to silence; because in the night Kir of Moab is laid waste, and brought to silence;" 1640, "Be not hasty in thy spirit to be angry: for anger resteth in the bosom of fools." 4240, "A lying tongue hateth those that are afflicted by it; and a flattering mouth worketh ruin." 3030, "I have seen the travail, which God hath given to the sons of men to be exercised in it." 3430, "In that day shall his strong cities be as a forsaken bough, and an uppermost branch, which they left because of the children of Israel: and there shall be desolation." 1880, "Thy teeth are as a flock of sheep which go up from the washing, whereof every one beareth twins, and there is not one barren among them." 3550, "And in that day they shall roar against them like the roaring of the sea: and if one look unto the land, behold darkness and sorrow, and the light is darkened in the heavens thereof." 2550, "They shall be left together unto the fowls of the mountains, and to the beasts of the earth: and the fowls shall summer upon them, and all the beasts of the earth shall winter upon them." 1860, "He is come to Aiath, he is passed to Migron; at Michmash he hath laid up his carriages:" 2100, "Where the word of a king is, there is power: and who may say unto him, What doest thou?" 2880, "And Babylon, the glory of kingdoms, the beauty of the Chaldees' excellency, shall be as when God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah." 3140, "The wise man's eyes are in his head; but the fool walketh in darkness: and I myself perceived also that one event happeneth to them all." 2210, "Whoso removeth stones shall be hurt therewith; and he that cleaveth wood shall be endangered thereby." 2340, "I said in mine heart, Go to now, I will prove thee with mirth, therefore enjoy pleasure: and, behold, this also is vanity." 2340, "Consider the work of God: for who can make that straight, which he hath made crooked?" 2420, "He that hasteth to be rich hath an evil eye, and considereth not that poverty shall come upon him." 3360, "For all this I considered in my heart even to declare all this, that the righteous, and the wise, and their works, are in the hand of God: no man knoweth either love or hatred by all that is before them." 2770, "To turn aside the needy from judgment, and to take away the right from the poor of my people, that widows may be their prey, and that they may rob the fatherless!" 2380, "Go not forth hastily to strive, lest thou know not what to do in the end thereof, when thy neighbour hath put thee to shame." 2600, "Because thou hast forgotten the God of thy salvation, and hast not been mindful of the rock of thy strength, therefore shalt thou plant pleasant plants, and shalt set it with strange slips:" 2400, "The watchmen that go about the city found me: to whom I said, Saw ye him whom my soul loveth?" 2810, "The way of an eagle in the air; the way of a serpent upon a rock; the way of a ship in the midst of the sea; and the way of a man with a maid." 3370, "In the day shalt thou make thy plant to grow, and in the morning shalt thou make thy seed to flourish: but the harvest shall be a heap in the day of grief and of desperate sorrow." 2400, "I know that there is no good in them, but for a man to rejoice, and to do good in his life." 30400, "When a man shall take hold of his brother of the house of his father, saying, Thou hast clothing, be thou our ruler, and let this ruin be under thy hand:" 2000, "For the LORD spake thus to me with a strong hand, and instructed me that I should not walk in the way of this people, saying," 2360, "And one cried unto another, and said, Holy, holy, holy, is the LORD of hosts: the whole earth is full of his glory." 8400, "Thy pomp is brought down to the grave, and the noise of thy viols: the worm is spread under thee, and the worms cover thee." 4210, "Better is the sight of the eyes than the wandering of the desire: this is also vanity and vexation of spirit." 4060, "A lion which is strongest among beasts, and turneth not away for any;" 3470, "There be three things which are too wonderful for me, yea, four which I know not:" 3630, "If thou hast done foolishly in lifting up thyself, or if thou hast thought evil, lay thine hand upon thy mouth." 2280, "Yet thou shalt be brought down to hell, to the sides of the pit." 16500, "And I gave my heart to seek and search out by wisdom concerning all things that are done under heaven: this sore travail hath God given to the sons of man to be exercised therewith." 2700, "I am my beloved's, and my beloved is mine: he feedeth among the lilies." 3690, "Behold, thou art fair, my love; behold, thou art fair; thou hast doves' eyes within thy locks: thy hair is as a flock of goats, that appear from mount Gilead." 2400, "And who knoweth whether he shall be a wise man or a fool? yet shall he have rule over all my labour wherein I have laboured, and wherein I have shewed myself wise under the sun. This is also vanity." 2280, "Thou hast multiplied the nation, and not increased the joy: they joy before thee according to the joy in harvest, and as men rejoice when they divide the spoil." 2730, "For it shall be, that, as a wandering bird cast out of the nest, so the daughters of Moab shall be at the fords of Arnon." 1660, "And it shall come to pass, that thy choicest valleys shall be full of chariots, and the horsemen shall set themselves in array at the gate." 1620, "So shall the king of Assyria lead away the Egyptians prisoners, and the Ethiopians captives, young and old, naked and barefoot, even with their buttocks uncovered, to the shame of Egypt." 2260, "Thou art all fair, my love; there is no spot in thee." 5900, "He that tilleth his land shall have plenty of bread: but he that followeth after vain persons shall have poverty enough." 2630, "There is an evil which I have seen under the sun, as an error which proceedeth from the ruler:" 2180, "Therefore I will bewail with the weeping of Jazer the vine of Sibmah: I will water thee with my tears, O Heshbon, and Elealeh: for the shouting for thy summer fruits and for thy harvest is fallen." 1750, "He that trusteth in his own heart is a fool: but whoso walketh wisely, he shall be delivered." 3750, "Take his garment that is surety for a stranger, and take a pledge of him for a strange woman." 3270, "And I will lay it waste: it shall not be pruned, nor digged; but there shall come up briers and thorns: I will also command the clouds that they rain no rain upon it." 2710, "He that loveth silver shall not be satisfied with silver; nor he that loveth abundance with increase: this is also vanity." 2970, "For the waters of Nimrim shall be desolate: for the hay is withered away, the grass faileth, there is no green thing." 1760, "As a piece of a pomegranate are thy temples within thy locks." 3650, "For afore the harvest, when the bud is perfect, and the sour grape is ripening in the flower, he shall both cut off the sprigs with pruning hooks, and take away and cut down the branches." 2350, "And it shall come to pass, for the abundance of milk that they shall give he shall eat butter: for butter and honey shall every one eat that is left in the land." 2390, "In the morning sow thy seed, and in the evening withhold not thine hand: for thou knowest not whether shall prosper, either this or that, or whether they both shall be alike good." 2810, "And it shall come to pass in the last days, that the mountain of the LORD'S house shall be established in the top of the mountains, and shall be exalted above the hills; and all nations shall flow unto it." 11500, "And it came to pass in the days of Ahaz the son of Jotham, the son of Uzziah, king of Judah, that Rezin the king of Syria, and Pekah the son of Remaliah, king of Israel, went up toward Jerusalem to war against it, but could not prevail against it." 2170, "If thou know not, O thou fairest among women, go thy way forth by the footsteps of the flock, and feed thy kids beside the shepherds' tents." 2940, "Woe unto them that call evil good, and good evil; that put darkness for light, and light for darkness; that put bitter for sweet, and sweet for bitter!" 27100, "And upon all the cedars of Lebanon, that are high and lifted up, and upon all the oaks of Bashan," 2990, "My beloved is like a roe or a young hart: behold, he standeth behind our wall, he looketh forth at the windows, shewing himself through the lattice." 3160, "Correct thy son, and he shall give thee rest; yea, he shall give delight unto thy soul." 3730, "The fool foldeth his hands together, and eateth his own flesh." 2620, "By much slothfulness the building decayeth; and through idleness of the hands the house droppeth through." 2130, "But thou art cast out of thy grave like an abominable branch, and as the raiment of those that are slain, thrust through with a sword, that go down to the stones of the pit; as a carcase trodden under feet." 2720, "For man also knoweth not his time: as the fishes that are taken in an evil net, and as the birds that are caught in the snare; so are the sons of men snared in an evil time, when it falleth suddenly upon them." 4540, "Madmenah is removed; the inhabitants of Gebim gather themselves to flee." 2070, "Thou that art full of stirs, a tumultuous city, a joyous city: thy slain men are not slain with the sword, nor dead in battle." 1440, "Therefore with joy shall ye draw water out of the wells of salvation." 6670, "The slothful man saith, There is a lion in the way; a lion is in the streets." 2830, "At the last it biteth like a serpent, and stingeth like an adder." 7070, "A wise man is strong; yea, a man of knowledge increaseth strength." 3930, "Better is a poor and a wise child than an old and foolish king, who will no more be admonished." 2830, "Also I heard the voice of the Lord, saying, Whom shall I send, and who will go for us? Then said I, Here am I; send me." 13900, "The fortress also shall cease from Ephraim, and the kingdom from Damascus, and the remnant of Syria: they shall be as the glory of the children of Israel, saith the LORD of hosts." 2320, "His head is as the most fine gold, his locks are bushy, and black as a raven." 3160, "I have compared thee, O my love, to a company of horses in Pharaoh's chariots." 2830, "Let thy garments be always white; and let thy head lack no ointment." 2560, "And it was revealed in mine ears by the LORD of hosts, Surely this iniquity shall not be purged from you till ye die, saith the Lord GOD of hosts." 1720, "Wherefore I perceive that there is nothing better, than that a man should rejoice in his own works; for that is his portion: for who shall bring him to see what shall be after him?" 2560, "None shall be weary nor stumble among them; none shall slumber nor sleep; neither shall the girdle of their loins be loosed, nor the latchet of their shoes be broken:" 2610, "For the fields of Heshbon languish, and the vine of Sibmah: the lords of the heathen have broken down the principal plants thereof, they are come even unto Jazer, they wandered through the wilderness: her branches are stretched out, they are gone over the sea." 1600, "What hast thou here? and whom hast thou here, that thou hast hewed thee out a sepulchre here, as he that heweth him out a sepulchre on high, and that graveth an habitation for himself in a rock?" 1660, "For the LORD will have mercy on Jacob, and will yet choose Israel, and set them in their own land: and the strangers shall be joined with them, and they shall cleave to the house of Jacob." 2800, "The wolf also shall dwell with the lamb, and the leopard shall lie down with the kid; and the calf and the young lion and the fatling together; and a little child shall lead them." 10700, "There be three things which go well, yea, four are comely in going:" 3750, "O Assyrian, the rod of mine anger, and the staff in their hand is mine indignation." 2800, "Say not thou, What is the cause that the former days were better than these? for thou dost not enquire wisely concerning this." 2930, "And my hand hath found as a nest the riches of the people: and as one gathereth eggs that are left, have I gathered all the earth; and there was none that moved the wing, or opened the mouth, or peeped." 2270, "Whosoever hideth her hideth the wind, and the ointment of his right hand, which bewrayeth itself." 2010, "Why should ye be stricken any more? ye will revolt more and more: the whole head is sick, and the whole heart faint." 3690, "And they shall turn the rivers far away; and the brooks of defence shall be emptied and dried up: the reeds and flags shall wither." 1940, "Their roaring shall be like a lion, they shall roar like young lions: yea, they shall roar, and lay hold of the prey, and shall carry it away safe, and none shall deliver it." 2500, "Many waters cannot quench love, neither can the floods drown it: if a man would give all the substance of his house for love, it would utterly be contemned." 3250, "And in mercy shall the throne be established: and he shall sit upon it in truth in the tabernacle of David, judging, and seeking judgment, and hasting righteousness." 2520, "And it shall come to pass in that day, that his burden shall be taken away from off thy shoulder, and his yoke from off thy neck, and the yoke shall be destroyed because of the anointing." 4260, "My heart panted, fearfulness affrighted me: the night of my pleasure hath he turned into fear unto me." 1910, "The song of songs, which is Solomon's." 35600, "Moreover they that work in fine flax, and they that weave networks, shall be confounded." 1940, "The LORD spake also unto me again, saying," 2910, "In the transgression of an evil man there is a snare: but the righteous doth sing and rejoice." 2520, "I the Preacher was king over Israel in Jerusalem." 3880, "For to him that is joined to all the living there is hope: for a living dog is better than a dead lion." 3730, "How beautiful are thy feet with shoes, O prince's daughter! the joints of thy thighs are like jewels, the work of the hands of a cunning workman." 2230, "Let him drink, and forget his poverty, and remember his misery no more." 7150, "For God giveth to a man that is good in his sight wisdom, and knowledge, and joy: but to the sinner he giveth travail, to gather and to heap up, that he may give to him that is good before God. This also is vanity and vexation of spirit." 2210, "Thy navel is like a round goblet, which wanteth not liquor: thy belly is like an heap of wheat set about with lilies." 2650, "And thou shalt have goats' milk enough for thy food, for the food of thy household, and for the maintenance for thy maidens." 3510, "For their calamity shall rise suddenly; and who knoweth the ruin of them both?" 2580, "Then said I, Lord, how long? And he answered, Until the cities be wasted without inhabitant, and the houses without man, and the land be utterly desolate," 2800, "Such is the way of an adulterous woman; she eateth, and wipeth her mouth, and saith, I have done no wickedness." 2740, "There are threescore queens, and fourscore concubines, and virgins without number." 2550, "There was a little city, and few men within it; and there came a great king against it, and besieged it, and built great bulwarks against it:" 2320, "Come with me from Lebanon, my spouse, with me from Lebanon: look from the top of Amana, from the top of Shenir and Hermon, from the lions' dens, from the mountains of the leopards." 2400, "And I will set the Egyptians against the Egyptians: and they shall fight every one against his brother, and every one against his neighbour; city against city, and kingdom against kingdom." 2510, "And the LORD shall utterly destroy the tongue of the Egyptian sea; and with his mighty wind shall he shake his hand over the river, and shall smite it in the seven streams, and make men go over dryshod." 2800, "And the strong shall be as tow, and the maker of it as a spark, and they shall both burn together, and none shall quench them." 2470, "Seest thou a man that is hasty in his words? there is more hope of a fool than of him." 3420, "A fool uttereth all his mind: but a wise man keepeth it in till afterwards." 4220, "There is a vanity which is done upon the earth; that there be just men, unto whom it happeneth according to the work of the wicked; again, there be wicked men, to whom it happeneth according to the work of the righteous: I said that this also is vanity." 1690, "It is not for kings, O Lemuel, it is not for kings to drink wine; nor for princes strong drink:" 4010, "Lest he that heareth it put thee to shame, and thine infamy turn not away." 2360, "As the fining pot for silver, and the furnace for gold; so is a man to his praise." 2470, "For every battle of the warrior is with confused noise, and garments rolled in blood; but this shall be with burning and fuel of fire." 3480, "He is gone up to Bajith, and to Dibon, the high places, to weep: Moab shall howl over Nebo, and over Medeba: on all their heads shall be baldness, and every beard cut off." 1750, "Ah sinful nation, a people laden with iniquity, a seed of evildoers, children that are corrupters: they have forsaken the LORD, they have provoked the Holy One of Israel unto anger, they are gone away backward." 3800, "Sing unto the LORD; for he hath done excellent things: this is known in all the earth." 4160, "My son, fear thou the LORD and the king: and meddle not with them that are given to change:" 3520, "And in that day there shall be a root of Jesse, which shall stand for an ensign of the people; to it shall the Gentiles seek: and his rest shall be glorious." 6210, "The fig tree putteth forth her green figs, and the vines with the tender grape give a good smell. Arise, my love, my fair one, and come away." 3670, "I would lead thee, and bring thee into my mother's house, who would instruct me: I would cause thee to drink of spiced wine of the juice of my pomegranate." 2530, "Wisdom is good with an inheritance: and by it there is profit to them that see the sun." 2410, "Surely I am more brutish than any man, and have not the understanding of a man." 2800, "Forasmuch as this people refuseth the waters of Shiloah that go softly, and rejoice in Rezin and Remaliah's son;" 2490, "Be thou diligent to know the state of thy flocks, and look well to thy herds." 6240, "And the LORD shall be known to Egypt, and the Egyptians shall know the LORD in that day, and shall do sacrifice and oblation; yea, they shall vow a vow unto the LORD, and perform it." 2070, "Because sentence against an evil work is not executed speedily, therefore the heart of the sons of men is fully set in them to do evil." 6700, "Make haste, my beloved, and be thou like to a roe or to a young hart upon the mountains of spices." 2640, "Whoso keepeth the fig tree shall eat the fruit thereof: so he that waiteth on his master shall be honoured." 2860, "It was but a little that I passed from them, but I found him whom my soul loveth: I held him, and would not let him go, until I had brought him into my mother's house, and into the chamber of her that conceived me." 3740, "Lift up thy voice, O daughter of Gallim: cause it to be heard unto Laish, O poor Anathoth." 2020, "Behold, I will stir up the Medes against them, which shall not regard silver; and as for gold, they shall not delight in it." 2350, "The rod and reproof give wisdom: but a child left to himself bringeth his mother to shame." 6390, "The changeable suits of apparel, and the mantles, and the wimples, and the crisping pins," 2640, "The inhabitants of the land of Tema brought water to him that was thirsty, they prevented with their bread him that fled." 2250, "Stay me with flagons, comfort me with apples: for I am sick of love." 5710, "For God shall bring every work into judgment, with every secret thing, whether it be good, or whether it be evil." 16400, "And further, by these, my son, be admonished: of making many books there is no end; and much study is a weariness of the flesh." 3910, "The LORD hath mingled a perverse spirit in the midst thereof: and they have caused Egypt to err in every work thereof, as a drunken man staggereth in his vomit." 2160, "For who knoweth what is good for man in this life, all the days of his vain life which he spendeth as a shadow? for who can tell a man what shall be after him under the sun?" 2180, "Howl ye; for the day of the LORD is at hand; it shall come as a destruction from the Almighty." 4800, "Thy plants are an orchard of pomegranates, with pleasant fruits; camphire, with spikenard," 2360, "Moreover the LORD spake again unto Ahaz, saying," 2430, "The people that walked in darkness have seen a great light: they that dwell in the land of the shadow of death, upon them hath the light shined." 8130, "Yet gleaning grapes shall be left in it, as the shaking of an olive tree, two or three berries in the top of the uppermost bough, four or five in the outmost fruitful branches thereof, saith the LORD God of Israel." 2150, "Through wisdom is an house builded; and by understanding it is established:" 5250, "The LORD will enter into judgment with the ancients of his people, and the princes thereof: for ye have eaten up the vineyard; the spoil of the poor is in your houses." 1960, "And this also is a sore evil, that in all points as he came, so shall he go: and what profit hath he that hath laboured for the wind?" 2100, "The bloodthirsty hate the upright: but the just seek his soul." 2600, "She layeth her hands to the spindle, and her hands hold the distaff." 6190, "But Ahaz said, I will not ask, neither will I tempt the LORD." 2980, "For the living know that they shall die: but the dead know not any thing, neither have they any more a reward; for the memory of them is forgotten." 7710, "If a wise man contendeth with a foolish man, whether he rage or laugh, there is no rest." 3110, "His left hand should be under my head, and his right hand should embrace me." 2470, "Manasseh, Ephraim; and Ephraim, Manasseh: and they together shall be against Judah. For all this his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out still." 2480, "As a roaring lion, and a ranging bear; so is a wicked ruler over the poor people." 2800, "A greyhound; an he goat also; and a king, against whom there is no rising up." 3000, "Thou that dwellest in the gardens, the companions hearken to thy voice: cause me to hear it." 2070, "As in water face answereth to face, so the heart of man to man." 3530, "Without me they shall bow down under the prisoners, and they shall fall under the slain. For all this his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out still." 2060, "For I will rise up against them, saith the LORD of hosts, and cut off from Babylon the name, and remnant, and son, and nephew, saith the LORD." 2580, "Yea, ten acres of vineyard shall yield one bath, and the seed of an homer shall yield an ephah." 2510, "She also lieth in wait as for a prey, and increaseth the transgressors among men." 2250, "Woe unto them that decree unrighteous decrees, and that write grievousness which they have prescribed;" 2550, "And Elam bare the quiver with chariots of men and horsemen, and Kir uncovered the shield." 1890, "And the LORD will create upon every dwelling place of mount Zion, and upon her assemblies, a cloud and smoke by day, and the shining of a flaming fire by night: for upon all the glory shall be a defence." 2630, "And in that day it shall come to pass, that the glory of Jacob shall be made thin, and the fatness of his flesh shall wax lean." 2090, "For they shall be ashamed of the oaks which ye have desired, and ye shall be confounded for the gardens that ye have chosen." 2970, "In that day a man shall cast his idols of silver, and his idols of gold, which they made each one for himself to worship, to the moles and to the bats;" 3250, "For thou hast broken the yoke of his burden, and the staff of his shoulder, the rod of his oppressor, as in the day of Midian." 2790, "And the harp, and the viol, the tabret, and pipe, and wine, are in their feasts: but they regard not the work of the LORD, neither consider the operation of his hands." 2770, "Lest they drink, and forget the law, and pervert the judgment of any of the afflicted." 4270, "These things also belong to the wise. It is not good to have respect of persons in judgment." 2570, "If a ruler hearken to lies, all his servants are wicked." 2890, "To have respect of persons is not good: for for a piece of bread that man will transgress." 2650, "Take counsel, execute judgment; make thy shadow as the night in the midst of the noonday; hide the outcasts; bewray not him that wandereth." 2070, "All the rivers run into the sea; yet the sea is not full; unto the place from whence the rivers come, thither they return again." 5640, "Take away the wicked from before the king, and his throne shall be established in righteousness." 4590, "Shall the axe boast itself against him that heweth therewith? or shall the saw magnify itself against him that shaketh it? as if the rod should shake itself against them that lift it up, or as if the staff should lift up itself, as if it were no wood." 2240, "The eye that mocketh at his father, and despiseth to obey his mother, the ravens of the valley shall pick it out, and the young eagles shall eat it." 3710, "Whose arrows are sharp, and all their bows bent, their horses' hoofs shall be counted like flint, and their wheels like a whirlwind:" 2350, "As snow in summer, and as rain in harvest, so honour is not seemly for a fool." 2390, "He that observeth the wind shall not sow; and he that regardeth the clouds shall not reap." 3350, "The watchman said, The morning cometh, and also the night: if ye will enquire, enquire ye: return, come." 3030}