{"And he said, When ye do the office of a midwife to the Hebrew women, and see them upon the stools; if it be a son, then ye shall kill him: but if it be a daughter, then she shall live." 3480, "And the angel of the LORD appeared unto him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush: and he looked, and, behold, the bush burned with fire, and the bush was not consumed." 6810, "And the river shall bring forth frogs abundantly, which shall go up and come into thine house, and into thy bedchamber, and upon thy bed, and into the house of thy servants, and upon thy people, and into thine ovens, and into thy kneadingtroughs:" 2490, "Thou shalt speak all that I command thee: and Aaron thy brother shall speak unto Pharaoh, that he send the children of Israel out of his land." 2670, "And the king of Egypt said unto them, Wherefore do ye, Moses and Aaron, let the people from their works? get you unto your burdens." 2370, "And the LORD turned a mighty strong west wind, which took away the locusts, and cast them into the Red sea; there remained not one locust in all the coasts of Egypt." 2530, "And the LORD said unto Moses, Rise up early in the morning, and stand before Pharaoh; lo, he cometh forth to the water; and say unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Let my people go, that they may serve me." 2400, "And Moses stretched forth his rod toward heaven: and the LORD sent thunder and hail, and the fire ran along upon the ground; and the LORD rained hail upon the land of Egypt." 2640, "And they said, The God of the Hebrews hath met with us: let us go, we pray thee, three days' journey into the desert, and sacrifice unto the LORD our God; lest he fall upon us with pestilence, or with the sword." 2370, "And the children of Israel were fruitful, and increased abundantly, and multiplied, and waxed exceeding mighty; and the land was filled with them." 3810, "And Pharaoh hardened his heart at this time also, neither would he let the people go." 2550, "And the taskmasters hasted them, saying, Fulfil your works, your daily tasks, as when there was straw." 2300, "Go, and gather the elders of Israel together, and say unto them, The LORD God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, of Isaac, and of Jacob, appeared unto me, saying, I have surely visited you, and seen that which is done to you in Egypt:" 2860, "And Joseph saw Ephraim's children of the third generation: the children also of Machir the son of Manasseh were brought up upon Joseph's knees." 3050, "And Pharaoh said, Who is the LORD, that I should obey his voice to let Israel go? I know not the LORD, neither will I let Israel go." 3190, "And God looked upon the children of Israel, and God had respect unto them." 9040, "And in very deed for this cause have I raised thee up, for to shew in thee my power; and that my name may be declared throughout all the earth." 2560, "For his sons carried him into the land of Canaan, and buried him in the cave of the field of Machpelah, which Abraham bought with the field for a possession of a buryingplace of Ephron the Hittite, before Mamre." 2430, "And the LORD appointed a set time, saying, To morrow the LORD shall do this thing in the land." 2210, "And he looked this way and that way, and when he saw that there was no man, he slew the Egyptian, and hid him in the sand." 3220, "And when the days of his mourning were past, Joseph spake unto the house of Pharaoh, saying, If now I have found grace in your eyes, speak, I pray you, in the ears of Pharaoh, saying," 2890, "And I say unto thee, Let my son go, that he may serve me: and if thou refuse to let him go, behold, I will slay thy son, even thy firstborn." 2920, "And Moses said, We will go with our young and with our old, with our sons and with our daughters, with our flocks and with our herds will we go; for we must hold a feast unto the LORD." 2510, "And there went up with him both chariots and horsemen: and it was a very great company." 3120, "And the LORD hardened the heart of Pharaoh, and he hearkened not unto them; as the LORD had spoken unto Moses." 3400, "And God spake unto Moses, and said unto him, I am the LORD:" 24900, "And Moses said, I will now turn aside, and see this great sight, why the bush is not burnt." 5120, "And when Jacob had made an end of commanding his sons, he gathered up his feet into the bed, and yielded up the ghost, and was gathered unto his people." 2770, "And they did so; for Aaron stretched out his hand with his rod, and smote the dust of the earth, and it became lice in man, and in beast; all the dust of the land became lice throughout all the land of Egypt." 4960, "And the LORD said unto Moses, Stretch forth thine hand toward heaven, that there may be hail in all the land of Egypt, upon man, and upon beast, and upon every herb of the field, throughout the land of Egypt." 2210, "And when they came to Reuel their father, he said, How is it that ye are come so soon to day?" 2550, "So he let him go: then she said, A bloody husband thou art, because of the circumcision." 2850, "And the magicians did so with their enchantments, and brought up frogs upon the land of Egypt." 4030, "And I will give this people favour in the sight of the Egyptians: and it shall come to pass, that, when ye go, ye shall not go empty:" 3630, "And Pharaoh's daughter said to her, Go. And the maid went and called the child's mother." 3070, "Go therefore now, and work; for there shall no straw be given you, yet shall ye deliver the tale of bricks." 2500, "And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying," 11300, "And Moses took his wife and his sons, and set them upon an ass, and he returned to the land of Egypt: and Moses took the rod of God in his hand." 4050, "And the LORD did that thing on the morrow, and all the cattle of Egypt died: but of the cattle of the children of Israel died not one." 3580, "And the sons of Izhar; Korah, and Nepheg, and Zichri." 2850, "That the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, I am the LORD: speak thou unto Pharaoh king of Egypt all that I say unto thee." 1930, "And God said unto Moses, I AM THAT I AM: and he said, Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, I AM hath sent me unto you." 21900, "And I will put a division between my people and thy people: to morrow shall this sign be." 2410, "And these are the names of the sons of Levi according to their generations; Gershon, and Kohath, and Merari: and the years of the life of Levi were an hundred thirty and seven years." 2680, "And Moses spake before the LORD, saying, Behold, the children of Israel have not hearkened unto me; how then shall Pharaoh hear me, who am of uncircumcised lips?" 2340, "And he said, To morrow. And he said, Be it according to thy word: that thou mayest know that there is none like unto the LORD our God." 2800, "And they came to the threshingfloor of Atad, which is beyond Jordan, and there they mourned with a great and very sore lamentation: and he made a mourning for his father seven days." 2840, "And Moses and Aaron did as the LORD commanded them, so did they." 4360, "And Moses said unto Pharaoh, Glory over me: when shall I intreat for thee, and for thy servants, and for thy people, to destroy the frogs from thee and thy houses, that they may remain in the river only?" 3210, "And Pharaoh said, Go up, and bury thy father, according as he made thee swear." 2770, "And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying," 45900, "And Moses said before the LORD, Behold, I am of uncircumcised lips, and how shall Pharaoh hearken unto me?" 2310, "And the LORD said unto Moses, Pharaoh's heart is hardened, he refuseth to let the people go." 2610, "Now when Pharaoh heard this thing, he sought to slay Moses. But Moses fled from the face of Pharaoh, and dwelt in the land of Midian: and he sat down by a well." 3390, "And there went a man of the house of Levi, and took to wife a daughter of Levi." 5770, "And Moses and Aaron were brought again unto Pharaoh: and he said unto them, Go, serve the LORD your God: but who are they that shall go?" 2230, "But the midwives feared God, and did not as the king of Egypt commanded them, but saved the men children alive." 3630, "And I will harden Pharaoh's heart, and multiply my signs and my wonders in the land of Egypt." 4310, "And Amram took him Jochebed his father's sister to wife; and she bare him Aaron and Moses: and the years of the life of Amram were an hundred and thirty and seven years." 3280, "Now Moses kept the flock of Jethro his father in law, the priest of Midian: and he led the flock to the backside of the desert, and came to the mountain of God, even to Horeb." 4080, "Moreover he said, I am the God of thy father, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob. And Moses hid his face; for he was afraid to look upon God." 4730, "Reuben, Simeon, Levi, and Judah," 10400, "And the LORD did according to the word of Moses; and he removed the swarms of flies from Pharaoh, from his servants, and from his people; there remained not one." 2410, "And I have also heard the groaning of the children of Israel, whom the Egyptians keep in bondage; and I have remembered my covenant." 3200, "And the LORD said to Aaron, Go into the wilderness to meet Moses. And he went, and met him in the mount of God, and kissed him." 2850, "And Moses said, Behold, I go out from thee, and I will intreat the LORD that the swarms of flies may depart from Pharaoh, from his servants, and from his people, to morrow: but let not Pharaoh deal deceitfully any more in not letting the people go to sacrifice to the LORD." 1910, "And Aaron took him Elisheba, daughter of Amminadab, sister of Naashon, to wife; and she bare him Nadab, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar." 2350, "Therefore they did set over them taskmasters to afflict them with their burdens. And they built for Pharaoh treasure cities, Pithom and Raamses." 3250, "And Moses and Aaron came in unto Pharaoh, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD God of the Hebrews, How long wilt thou refuse to humble thyself before me? let my people go, that they may serve me." 2600, "And the Egyptians shall know that I am the LORD, when I stretch forth mine hand upon Egypt, and bring out the children of Israel from among them." 2870, "And Moses went and returned to Jethro his father in law, and said unto him, Let me go, I pray thee, and return unto my brethren which are in Egypt, and see whether they be yet alive. And Jethro said to Moses, Go in peace." 2790, "And Pharaoh sent, and, behold, there was not one of the cattle of the Israelites dead. And the heart of Pharaoh was hardened, and he did not let the people go." 2240, "These are that Aaron and Moses, to whom the LORD said, Bring out the children of Israel from the land of Egypt according to their armies." 2780, "But he said, Ye are idle, ye are idle: therefore ye say, Let us go and do sacrifice to the LORD." 2310, "And the LORD said unto Moses in Midian, Go, return into Egypt: for all the men are dead which sought thy life." 3730, "And he hardened Pharaoh's heart, that he hearkened not unto them; as the LORD had said." 3310, "And all the house of Joseph, and his brethren, and his father's house: only their little ones, and their flocks, and their herds, they left in the land of Goshen." 2960, "And forty days were fulfilled for him; for so are fulfilled the days of those which are embalmed: and the Egyptians mourned for him threescore and ten days." 2750, "Go ye, get you straw where ye can find it: yet not ought of your work shall be diminished." 2300, "For now I will stretch out my hand, that I may smite thee and thy people with pestilence; and thou shalt be cut off from the earth." 2620, "But as for thee and thy servants, I know that ye will not yet fear the LORD God." 3420, "And seven days were fulfilled, after that the LORD had smitten the river." 2610, "And they shall cover the face of the earth, that one cannot be able to see the earth: and they shall eat the residue of that which is escaped, which remaineth unto you from the hail, and shall eat every tree which groweth for you out of the field:" 2170, "So shall ye say unto Joseph, Forgive, I pray thee now, the trespass of thy brethren, and their sin; for they did unto thee evil: and now, we pray thee, forgive the trespass of the servants of the God of thy father. And Joseph wept when they spake unto him." 2530, "And it came to pass on the day when the LORD spake unto Moses in the land of Egypt," 9060, "And the LORD spake unto Moses, Say unto Aaron, Take thy rod, and stretch out thine hand upon the waters of Egypt, upon their streams, upon their rivers, and upon their ponds, and upon all their pools of water, that they may become blood; and that there may be blood throughout all the land of Egypt, both in vessels of wood, and in vessels of stone." 2920, "And I am come down to deliver them out of the hand of the Egyptians, and to bring them up out of that land unto a good land and a large, unto a land flowing with milk and honey; unto the place of the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites." 3500, "And Moses was content to dwell with the man: and he gave Moses Zipporah his daughter." 3160, "And Moses was fourscore years old, and Aaron fourscore and three years old, when they spake unto Pharaoh." 2340, "And the locusts went up over all the land of Egypt, and rested in all the coasts of Egypt: very grievous were they; before them there were no such locusts as they, neither after them shall be such." 2910, "Else, if thou refuse to let my people go, behold, to morrow will I bring the locusts into thy coast:" 2500, "And Pharaoh commanded the same day the taskmasters of the people, and their officers, saying," 2940, "Else, if thou wilt not let my people go, behold, I will send swarms of flies upon thee, and upon thy servants, and upon thy people, and into thy houses: and the houses of the Egyptians shall be full of swarms of flies, and also the ground whereon they are." 2790, "And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Moses, and he said, Is not Aaron the Levite thy brother? I know that he can speak well. And also, behold, he cometh forth to meet thee: and when he seeth thee, he will be glad in his heart." 4150, "Then Pharaoh called for Moses and Aaron in haste; and he said, I have sinned against the LORD your God, and against you." 3060, "Wherefore say unto the children of Israel, I am the LORD, and I will bring you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians, and I will rid you out of their bondage, and I will redeem you with a stretched out arm, and with great judgments:" 2990, "And he said, O my Lord, send, I pray thee, by the hand of him whom thou wilt send." 3030, "And the sons of Korah; Assir, and Elkanah, and Abiasaph: these are the families of the Korhites." 2590, "And the child grew, and she brought him unto Pharaoh's daughter, and he became her son. And she called his name Moses: and she said, Because I drew him out of the water." 3370, "And he went out from Pharaoh, and intreated the LORD." 2680, "And Moses told Aaron all the words of the LORD who had sent him, and all the signs which he had commanded him." 3190, "As yet exaltest thou thyself against my people, that thou wilt not let them go?" 2280, "And the LORD said unto Moses and unto Aaron, Take to you handfuls of ashes of the furnace, and let Moses sprinkle it toward the heaven in the sight of Pharaoh." 2350, "And Joseph went up to bury his father: and with him went up all the servants of Pharaoh, the elders of his house, and all the elders of the land of Egypt," 3790, "And they gathered them together upon heaps: and the land stank." 2550, "And the taskmasters of the people went out, and their officers, and they spake to the people, saying, Thus saith Pharaoh, I will not give you straw." 2410, "And Moses and Aaron went and gathered together all the elders of the children of Israel:" 9450, "And all the souls that came out of the loins of Jacob were seventy souls: for Joseph was in Egypt already." 3020, "And she bare him a son, and he called his name Gershom: for he said, I have been a stranger in a strange land." 3440, "These be the heads of their fathers' houses: The sons of Reuben the firstborn of Israel; Hanoch, and Pallu, Hezron, and Carmi: these be the families of Reuben." 2570, "And the heart of Pharaoh was hardened, neither would he let the children of Israel go; as the LORD had spoken by Moses." 2110, "And Moses said unto God, Behold, when I come unto the children of Israel, and shall say unto them, The God of your fathers hath sent me unto you; and they shall say to me, What is his name? what shall I say unto them?" 6550, "And I have said, I will bring you up out of the affliction of Egypt unto the land of the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites, unto a land flowing with milk and honey." 4090, "And I will sever in that day the land of Goshen, in which my people dwell, that no swarms of flies shall be there; to the end thou mayest know that I am the LORD in the midst of the earth." 2480, "And the LORD shall sever between the cattle of Israel and the cattle of Egypt: and there shall nothing die of all that is the children's of Israel." 2270, "And it came to pass by the way in the inn, that the LORD met him, and sought to kill him." 3740, "Issachar, Zebulun, and Benjamin," 16800, "And he said, Draw not nigh hither: put off thy shoes from off thy feet, for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground." 5210, "And all the Egyptians digged round about the river for water to drink; for they could not drink of the water of the river." 3680, "But the more they afflicted them, the more they multiplied and grew. And they were grieved because of the children of Israel." 3660, "Then said his sister to Pharaoh's daughter, Shall I go and call to thee a nurse of the Hebrew women, that she may nurse the child for thee?" 3010, "And the LORD said unto Moses, When thou goest to return into Egypt, see that thou do all those wonders before Pharaoh, which I have put in thine hand: but I will harden his heart, that he shall not let the people go." 3070, "And I am sure that the king of Egypt will not let you go, no, not by a mighty hand." 3290, "Now these are the names of the children of Israel, which came into Egypt; every man and his household came with Jacob." 4400, "But as for you, ye thought evil against me; but God meant it unto good, to bring to pass, as it is this day, to save much people alive." 6880, "And Moses and Aaron went out from Pharaoh: and Moses cried unto the LORD because of the frogs which he had brought against Pharaoh." 2510, "Then Zipporah took a sharp stone, and cut off the foreskin of her son, and cast it at his feet, and said, Surely a bloody husband art thou to me." 3430, "But the wheat and the rie were not smitten: for they were not grown up." 2080, "And they sent a messenger unto Joseph, saying, Thy father did command before he died, saying," 2630, "And I will bring you in unto the land, concerning the which I did swear to give it to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob; and I will give it you for an heritage: I am the LORD." 2630, "And Pharaoh called for Moses and for Aaron, and said, Go ye, sacrifice to your God in the land." 2860, "And the LORD said unto Moses, Go in unto Pharaoh: for I have hardened his heart, and the heart of his servants, that I might shew these my signs before him:" 2770, "And Moses said unto God, Who am I, that I should go unto Pharaoh, and that I should bring forth the children of Israel out of Egypt?" 5750, "And thou shalt say unto Pharaoh, Thus saith the LORD, Israel is my son, even my firstborn:" 4750, "And his sister stood afar off, to wit what would be done to him." 3770, "But Pharaoh shall not hearken unto you, that I may lay my hand upon Egypt, and bring forth mine armies, and my people the children of Israel, out of the land of Egypt by great judgments." 2600, "Then the magicians said unto Pharaoh, This is the finger of God: and Pharaoh's heart was hardened, and he hearkened not unto them; as the LORD had said." 3780, "And Joseph died, and all his brethren, and all that generation." 6790, "And they said unto them, The LORD look upon you, and judge; because ye have made our savour to be abhorred in the eyes of Pharaoh, and in the eyes of his servants, to put a sword in their hand to slay us." 1870, "And he said unto them, Let the LORD be so with you, as I will let you go, and your little ones: look to it; for evil is before you." 3480, "And the LORD did so; and there came a grievous swarm of flies into the house of Pharaoh, and into his servants' houses, and into all the land of Egypt: the land was corrupted by reason of the swarm of flies." 4110, "Behold, to morrow about this time I will cause it to rain a very grievous hail, such as hath not been in Egypt since the foundation thereof even until now." 2120, "And God said moreover unto Moses, Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, The LORD God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, hath sent me unto you: this is my name for ever, and this is my memorial unto all generations." 4430, "So Joseph died, being an hundred and ten years old: and they embalmed him, and he was put in a coffin in Egypt." 2920, "And the tale of the bricks, which they did make heretofore, ye shall lay upon them; ye shall not diminish ought thereof: for they be idle; therefore they cry, saying, Let us go and sacrifice to our God." 2800, "And Joseph said unto his brethren, I die: and God will surely visit you, and bring you out of this land unto the land which he sware to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob." 3180, "Go in, speak unto Pharaoh king of Egypt, that he let the children of Israel go out of his land." 3130, "Ye shall no more give the people straw to make brick, as heretofore: let them go and gather straw for themselves." 2740, "Now there arose up a new king over Egypt, which knew not Joseph." 4190, "And his sons did unto him according as he commanded them:" 3230, "And when the inhabitants of the land, the Canaanites, saw the mourning in the floor of Atad, they said, This is a grievous mourning to the Egyptians: wherefore the name of it was called Abelmizraim, which is beyond Jordan." 2340, "He that feared the word of the LORD among the servants of Pharaoh made his servants and his cattle flee into the houses:" 2650, "There they buried Abraham and Sarah his wife; there they buried Isaac and Rebekah his wife; and there I buried Leah." 3880, "And Aaron stretched out his hand over the waters of Egypt; and the frogs came up, and covered the land of Egypt." 4880, "And Eleazar Aaron's son took him one of the daughters of Putiel to wife; and she bare him Phinehas: these are the heads of the fathers of the Levites according to their families." 2710, "For if thou refuse to let them go, and wilt hold them still," 2550, "Not so: go now ye that are men, and serve the LORD; for that ye did desire. And they were driven out from Pharaoh's presence." 2290, "And the LORD did according to the word of Moses; and the frogs died out of the houses, out of the villages, and out of the fields." 2760, "Then Pharaoh called for Moses and Aaron, and said, Intreat the LORD, that he may take away the frogs from me, and from my people; and I will let the people go, that they may do sacrifice unto the LORD." 2420, "Now the priest of Midian had seven daughters: and they came and drew water, and filled the troughs to water their father's flock." 3650, "Now therefore, behold, the cry of the children of Israel is come unto me: and I have also seen the oppression wherewith the Egyptians oppress them." 3730, "And he said, Cast it on the ground. And he cast it on the ground, and it became a serpent; and Moses fled from before it." 3950, "And Pharaoh's daughter said unto her, Take this child away, and nurse it for me, and I will give thee thy wages. And the woman took the child, and nursed it." 3110, "And when she had opened it, she saw the child: and, behold, the babe wept. And she had compassion on him, and said, This is one of the Hebrews' children." 3660, "For they covered the face of the whole earth, so that the land was darkened; and they did eat every herb of the land, and all the fruit of the trees which the hail had left: and there remained not any green thing in the trees, or in the herbs of the field, through all the land of Egypt." 2580, "And Aaron spake all the words which the LORD had spoken unto Moses, and did the signs in the sight of the people." 2810, "Then the officers of the children of Israel came and cried unto Pharaoh, saying, Wherefore dealest thou thus with thy servants?" 2050, "And they met Moses and Aaron, who stood in the way, as they came forth from Pharaoh:" 2350, "But every woman shall borrow of her neighbour, and of her that sojourneth in her house, jewels of silver, and jewels of gold, and raiment: and ye shall put them upon your sons, and upon your daughters; and ye shall spoil the Egyptians." 2900, "So the people were scattered abroad throughout all the land of Egypt to gather stubble instead of straw." 2550, "And the king of Egypt called for the midwives, and said unto them, Why have ye done this thing, and have saved the men children alive?" 3130, "And it shall come to pass, if they will not believe also these two signs, neither hearken unto thy voice, that thou shalt take of the water of the river, and pour it upon the dry land: and the water which thou takest out of the river shall become blood upon the dry land." 2970, "Get thee unto Pharaoh in the morning; lo, he goeth out unto the water; and thou shalt stand by the river's brink against he come; and the rod which was turned to a serpent shalt thou take in thine hand." 2270, "These are they which spake to Pharaoh king of Egypt, to bring out the children of Israel from Egypt: these are that Moses and Aaron." 2600, "And they took ashes of the furnace, and stood before Pharaoh; and Moses sprinkled it up toward heaven; and it became a boil breaking forth with blains upon man, and upon beast." 2280, "And the LORD said unto him, Who hath made man's mouth? or who maketh the dumb, or deaf, or the seeing, or the blind? have not I the LORD?" 6100, "Now therefore forgive, I pray thee, my sin only this once, and intreat the LORD your God, that he may take away from me this death only." 2340, "We will go three days' journey into the wilderness, and sacrifice to the LORD our God, as he shall command us." 2420, "And he shall be thy spokesman unto the people: and he shall be, even he shall be to thee instead of a mouth, and thou shalt be to him instead of God." 3010, "Thus saith the LORD, In this thou shalt know that I am the LORD: behold, I will smite with the rod that is in mine hand upon the waters which are in the river, and they shall be turned to blood." 2730, "And Moses went out of the city from Pharaoh, and spread abroad his hands unto the LORD: and the thunders and hail ceased, and the rain was not poured upon the earth." 1980, "And it came to pass in those days, when Moses was grown, that he went out unto his brethren, and looked on their burdens: and he spied an Egyptian smiting an Hebrew, one of his brethren." 3610, "And Pharaoh charged all his people, saying, Every son that is born ye shall cast into the river, and every daughter ye shall save alive." 3440, "There is no straw given unto thy servants, and they say to us, Make brick: and, behold, thy servants are beaten; but the fault is in thine own people." 2550, "The sons of Gershon; Libni, and Shimi, according to their families." 2750, "And the magicians could not stand before Moses because of the boils; for the boil was upon the magicians, and upon all the Egyptians." 2260, "And he said, Certainly I will be with thee; and this shall be a token unto thee, that I have sent thee: When thou hast brought forth the people out of Egypt, ye shall serve God upon this mountain." 3390, "And the magicians of Egypt did so with their enchantments: and Pharaoh's heart was hardened, neither did he hearken unto them; as the LORD had said." 2990, "And the LORD said unto Moses, Rise up early in the morning, and stand before Pharaoh, and say unto him, Thus saith the LORD God of the Hebrews, Let my people go, that they may serve me." 2730, "And Moses said unto him, As soon as I am gone out of the city, I will spread abroad my hands unto the LORD; and the thunder shall cease, neither shall there be any more hail; that thou mayest know how that the earth is the LORD'S." 2090, "And the LORD said unto him, What is that in thine hand? And he said, A rod." 7030, "And the LORD said unto Moses, Put forth thine hand, and take it by the tail. And he put forth his hand, and caught it, and it became a rod in his hand:" 3360, "And Joseph returned into Egypt, he, and his brethren, and all that went up with him to bury his father, after he had buried his father." 2830, "And the hail smote throughout all the land of Egypt all that was in the field, both man and beast; and the hail smote every herb of the field, and brake every tree of the field." 4030, "And the LORD said, I have surely seen the affliction of my people which are in Egypt, and have heard their cry by reason of their taskmasters; for I know their sorrows;" 4300, "Only in the land of Goshen, where the children of Israel were, was there no hail." 4430, "And Moses and Aaron did so, as the LORD commanded; and he lifted up the rod, and smote the waters that were in the river, in the sight of Pharaoh, and in the sight of his servants; and all the waters that were in the river were turned to blood." 2640, "And Joseph dwelt in Egypt, he, and his father's house: and Joseph lived an hundred and ten years." 2770, "And he charged them, and said unto them, I am to be gathered unto my people: bury me with my fathers in the cave that is in the field of Ephron the Hittite," 2860, "And it shall become small dust in all the land of Egypt, and shall be a boil breaking forth with blains upon man, and upon beast, throughout all the land of Egypt." 2890, "Now therefore fear ye not: I will nourish you, and your little ones. And he comforted them, and spake kindly unto them." 3100, "That they may believe that the LORD God of their fathers, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, hath appeared unto thee." 3250, "And the flax and the barley was smitten: for the barley was in the ear, and the flax was bolled." 2260, "In the cave that is in the field of Machpelah, which is before Mamre, in the land of Canaan, which Abraham bought with the field of Ephron the Hittite for a possession of a buryingplace." 2340, "And afterward Moses and Aaron went in, and told Pharaoh, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Let my people go, that they may hold a feast unto me in the wilderness." 2650, "And they shall hearken to thy voice: and thou shalt come, thou and the elders of Israel, unto the king of Egypt, and ye shall say unto him, The LORD God of the Hebrews hath met with us: and now let us go, we beseech thee, three days' journey into the wilderness, that we may sacrifice to the LORD our God." 3340, "And I will take you to me for a people, and I will be to you a God: and ye shall know that I am the LORD your God, which bringeth you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians." 2970, "And the king of Egypt spake to the Hebrew midwives, of which the name of the one was Shiphrah, and the name of the other Puah:" 3310, "And he said unto his people, Behold, the people of the children of Israel are more and mightier than we:" 6260, "Then the LORD said unto Moses, Go in unto Pharaoh, and tell him, Thus saith the LORD God of the Hebrews, Let my people go, that they may serve me." 2180, "Behold, the hand of the LORD is upon thy cattle which is in the field, upon the horses, upon the asses, upon the camels, upon the oxen, and upon the sheep: there shall be a very grievous murrain." 2850, "And the midwives said unto Pharaoh, Because the Hebrew women are not as the Egyptian women; for they are lively, and are delivered ere the midwives come in unto them." 3050, "And the LORD said unto Moses, See, I have made thee a god to Pharaoh: and Aaron thy brother shall be thy prophet." 3860, "And Moses stretched forth his rod over the land of Egypt, and the LORD brought an east wind upon the land all that day, and all that night; and when it was morning, the east wind brought the locusts." 3190, "And Moses stretched forth his hand toward heaven; and there was a thick darkness in all the land of Egypt three days:" 4070, "Send therefore now, and gather thy cattle, and all that thou hast in the field; for upon every man and beast which shall be found in the field, and shall not be brought home, the hail shall come down upon them, and they shall die." 2090, "And when the LORD saw that he turned aside to see, God called unto him out of the midst of the bush, and said, Moses, Moses. And he said, Here am I." 5360, "And the officers of the children of Israel, which Pharaoh's taskmasters had set over them, were beaten, and demanded, Wherefore have ye not fulfilled your task in making brick both yesterday and to day, as heretofore?" 2390, "And I have also established my covenant with them, to give them the land of Canaan, the land of their pilgrimage, wherein they were strangers." 2560, "For since I came to Pharaoh to speak in thy name, he hath done evil to this people; neither hast thou delivered thy people at all." 3180, "Therefore God dealt well with the midwives: and the people multiplied, and waxed very mighty." 2740, "And Joseph commanded his servants the physicians to embalm his father: and the physicians embalmed Israel." 3520, "Intreat the LORD (for it is enough) that there be no more mighty thunderings and hail; and I will let you go, and ye shall stay no longer." 1910, "And the fish that was in the river died; and the river stank, and the Egyptians could not drink of the water of the river; and there was blood throughout all the land of Egypt." 4070, "And God heard their groaning, and God remembered his covenant with Abraham, with Isaac, and with Jacob." 5450, "Now therefore go, and I will be with thy mouth, and teach thee what thou shalt say." 7610, "And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, and gave them a charge unto the children of Israel, and unto Pharaoh king of Egypt, to bring the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt." 2510, "And if thou refuse to let them go, behold, I will smite all thy borders with frogs:" 3750, "And the LORD said unto Moses, Stretch out thine hand toward heaven, that there may be darkness over the land of Egypt, even darkness which may be felt." 2680, "And Moses returned unto the LORD, and said, Lord, wherefore hast thou so evil entreated this people? why is it that thou hast sent me?" 2770, "And Moses and Aaron went in unto Pharaoh, and they did so as the LORD had commanded: and Aaron cast down his rod before Pharaoh, and before his servants, and it became a serpent." 3660, "And the LORD said furthermore unto him, Put now thine hand into thy bosom. And he put his hand into his bosom: and when he took it out, behold, his hand was leprous as snow." 3380, "And it came to pass in process of time, that the king of Egypt died: and the children of Israel sighed by reason of the bondage, and they cried, and their cry came up unto God by reason of the bondage." 2840, "And thou shalt say unto him, The LORD God of the Hebrews hath sent me unto thee, saying, Let my people go, that they may serve me in the wilderness: and, behold, hitherto thou wouldest not hear." 2650, "Dan, and Naphtali, Gad, and Asher." 6600, "And they said, An Egyptian delivered us out of the hand of the shepherds, and also drew water enough for us, and watered the flock." 2960, "And he said, Put thine hand into thy bosom again. And he put his hand into his bosom again; and plucked it out of his bosom, and, behold, it was turned again as his other flesh." 3660, "And the sons of Uzziel; Mishael, and Elzaphan, and Zithri." 2400, "And his brethren also went and fell down before his face; and they said, Behold, we be thy servants." 3060, "And Moses spake so unto the children of Israel: but they hearkened not unto Moses for anguish of spirit, and for cruel bondage." 2520, "And the frogs shall come up both on thee, and upon thy people, and upon all thy servants." 3000, "For I will at this time send all my plagues upon thine heart, and upon thy servants, and upon thy people; that thou mayest know that there is none like me in all the earth." 2750, "And Pharaoh said, I will let you go, that ye may sacrifice to the LORD your God in the wilderness; only ye shall not go very far away: intreat for me." 2370, "And Pharaoh turned and went into his house, neither did he set his heart to this also." 2770, "When Pharaoh shall speak unto you, saying, Shew a miracle for you: then thou shalt say unto Aaron, Take thy rod, and cast it before Pharaoh, and it shall become a serpent." 2620, "But when Pharaoh saw that there was respite, he hardened his heart, and hearkened not unto them; as the LORD had said." 2750, "And thou shalt speak unto him, and put words in his mouth: and I will be with thy mouth, and with his mouth, and will teach you what ye shall do." 3850, "Let there more work be laid upon the men, that they may labour therein; and let them not regard vain words." 2380, "For they cast down every man his rod, and they became serpents: but Aaron's rod swallowed up their rods." 3840, "And I appeared unto Abraham, unto Isaac, and unto Jacob, by the name of God Almighty, but by my name JEHOVAH was I not known to them." 6650, "And the shepherds came and drove them away: but Moses stood up and helped them, and watered their flock." 4000, "And Joseph took an oath of the children of Israel, saying, God will surely visit you, and ye shall carry up my bones from hence." 3350, "And it shall come to pass, if they will not believe thee, neither hearken to the voice of the first sign, that they will believe the voice of the latter sign." 2800, "And Pharaoh sent, and called for Moses and Aaron, and said unto them, I have sinned this time: the LORD is righteous, and I and my people are wicked." 2680, "And Moses went out from Pharaoh, and intreated the LORD." 2540, "And Moses said unto the LORD, O my Lord, I am not eloquent, neither heretofore, nor since thou hast spoken unto thy servant: but I am slow of speech, and of a slow tongue." 4840, "And the Egyptians made the children of Israel to serve with rigour:" 3650, "Then Pharaoh also called the wise men and the sorcerers: now the magicians of Egypt, they also did in like manner with their enchantments." 4870, "And the sons of Simeon; Jemuel, and Jamin, and Ohad, and Jachin, and Zohar, and Shaul the son of a Canaanitish woman: these are the families of Simeon." 2700, "And when Joseph's brethren saw that their father was dead, they said, Joseph will peradventure hate us, and will certainly requite us all the evil which we did unto him." 4750, "And Pharaoh's servants said unto him, How long shall this man be a snare unto us? let the men go, that they may serve the LORD their God: knowest thou not yet that Egypt is destroyed?" 2530, "And the sons of Kohath; Amram, and Izhar, and Hebron, and Uzziel: and the years of the life of Kohath were an hundred thirty and three years." 3350, "And the frogs shall depart from thee, and from thy houses, and from thy servants, and from thy people; they shall remain in the river only." 3060, "But the LORD hardened Pharaoh's heart, so that he would not let the children of Israel go." 3730, "Then the LORD said unto Moses, Now shalt thou see what I will do to Pharaoh: for with a strong hand shall he let them go, and with a strong hand shall he drive them out of his land." 2480, "And he that regarded not the word of the LORD left his servants and his cattle in the field." 3080, "And Joseph said unto them, Fear not: for am I in the place of God?" 7010, "And when he went out the second day, behold, two men of the Hebrews strove together: and he said to him that did the wrong, Wherefore smitest thou thy fellow?" 2920, "And the officers of the children of Israel did see that they were in evil case, after it was said, Ye shall not minish ought from your bricks of your daily task." 2150, "Come on, let us deal wisely with them; lest they multiply, and it come to pass, that, when there falleth out any war, they join also unto our enemies, and fight against us, and so get them up out of the land." 3310, "And the magicians did so with their enchantments to bring forth lice, but they could not: so there were lice upon man, and upon beast." 2760, "And they made their lives bitter with hard bondage, in morter, and in brick, and in all manner of service in the field: all their service, wherein they made them serve, was with rigour." 2720, "And when she could not longer hide him, she took for him an ark of bulrushes, and daubed it with slime and with pitch, and put the child therein; and she laid it in the flags by the river's brink." 3430, "All these are the twelve tribes of Israel: and this is it that their father spake unto them, and blessed them; every one according to his blessing he blessed them." 2940, "Come now therefore, and I will send thee unto Pharaoh, that thou mayest bring forth my people the children of Israel out of Egypt." 4400, "And the LORD said unto Moses, Stretch out thine hand over the land of Egypt for the locusts, that they may come up upon the land of Egypt, and eat every herb of the land, even all that the hail hath left." 2420, "And Joseph fell upon his father's face, and wept upon him, and kissed him." 5590, "And the people believed: and when they heard that the LORD had visited the children of Israel, and that he had looked upon their affliction, then they bowed their heads and worshipped." 3020, "And the LORD spake unto Moses, Say unto Aaron, Stretch forth thine hand with thy rod over the streams, over the rivers, and over the ponds, and cause frogs to come up upon the land of Egypt." 2780, "Benjamin shall ravin as a wolf: in the morning he shall devour the prey, and at night he shall divide the spoil." 3310, "And when Pharaoh saw that the rain and the hail and the thunders were ceased, he sinned yet more, and hardened his heart, he and his servants." 2660, "And Moses answered and said, But, behold, they will not believe me, nor hearken unto my voice: for they will say, The LORD hath not appeared unto thee." 3080, "My father made me swear, saying, Lo, I die: in my grave which I have digged for me in the land of Canaan, there shalt thou bury me. Now therefore let me go up, I pray thee, and bury my father, and I will come again." 2480, "And he said unto his daughters, And where is he? why is it that ye have left the man? call him, that he may eat bread." 3230, "And I will stretch out my hand, and smite Egypt with all my wonders which I will do in the midst thereof: and after that he will let you go." 3610, "And Moses said, It is not meet so to do; for we shall sacrifice the abomination of the Egyptians to the LORD our God: lo, shall we sacrifice the abomination of the Egyptians before their eyes, and will they not stone us?" 2650, "The purchase of the field and of the cave that is therein was from the children of Heth." 2390, "So there was hail, and fire mingled with the hail, very grievous, such as there was none like it in all the land of Egypt since it became a nation." 2790, "And the LORD spake unto Moses, Go unto Pharaoh, and say unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Let my people go, that they may serve me." 2920, "And they shall fill thy houses, and the houses of all thy servants, and the houses of all the Egyptians; which neither thy fathers, nor thy fathers' fathers have seen, since the day that they were upon the earth unto this day. And he turned himself, and went out from Pharaoh." 2530, "And the fish that is in the river shall die, and the river shall stink; and the Egyptians shall lothe to drink of the water of the river." 3060, "And Pharaoh said, Behold, the people of the land now are many, and ye make them rest from their burdens." 2220, "And that thou mayest tell in the ears of thy son, and of thy son's son, what things I have wrought in Egypt, and my signs which I have done among them; that ye may know how that I am the LORD." 2670, "And it came to pass, because the midwives feared God, that he made them houses." 3090, "And thou shalt take this rod in thine hand, wherewith thou shalt do signs." 2790, "And the sons of Merari; Mahali and Mushi: these are the families of Levi according to their generations." 2490, "And the woman conceived, and bare a son: and when she saw him that he was a goodly child, she hid him three months." 3540, "And he said, Who made thee a prince and a judge over us? intendest thou to kill me, as thou killedst the Egyptian? And Moses feared, and said, Surely this thing is known." 2560, "And the daughter of Pharaoh came down to wash herself at the river; and her maidens walked along by the river's side; and when she saw the ark among the flags, she sent her maid to fetch it." 3190, "And the LORD said unto Moses, Say unto Aaron, Stretch out thy rod, and smite the dust of the land, that it may become lice throughout all the land of Egypt." 2950}